People are still talking about all those sexist men asking #CaptainMarvel and #BrieLarson to small..OMG the hate is just too much...I had to respond. LEAVE BRIE ALONE! HEAR ME ROAR! (Dear Lord do they know how they sound?) #CaptainMarvelTrailer #smilemorehttps://youtu.be/MHrLsC7Z7oY
fuckin SAME. she's irritating. i was so mad when she got picked for captain marvel  marvel fanboys are so in love with her tho so anytime you say anything bad they get so pissy and pull out the "she's an oscar winning actress" card
I wanna see you all wearing something #CaptainMarvel on the premiere! You have to take a pic and tag me and Brie. You have around 5 months! GO!
if calling aquaman a rip off the worst think you could say about mcu fans then theres nothing to worry about, im not even going to start with all the bullshit snyder fans throw to brie larson for just not smiling in the captain marvel teaser...
I'm already so in love with captain marvel and with Brie larson, like, the film isn't even out yet and captain marvel already owns my ass
Still kind of floored that Brie Larson went from being The Au Pair and Abed’s girlfriend to Oscar winner and Captain Marvel in like...3 years?
Captain Marvel Trailer Analysis. Brie Larson is as stale as the cheese she's named after! http://youtu.be/5suQNQ-L_do?a
Update: brie Larson posted these on her Instagram story. I just want you to know I’m so blessed to now be one degree removed from captain marvel.
#CaptainMarvel official trailer. #BrieLarson #MCU debut with plenty of action but not too much revealing. Good, there will be something to wait for! Before it hits theaters in March next week, #stream the best shows with #TrickByte!http://snip.ly/m6zb6c
Brie Larson GOING OFF on trolls telling her that Captain Marvel should smile more is my new religion 
It looks like the  cast has gathered to do some reshoots! See the brand new set photos of Brie Larson and Clark Gregg: 
Happy 29th Birthday to the wonderful Carol Danvers - our soon-to-be  in the , as well as a talented actress and all-around beautiful person: ! Hope you have a great day.   
It’s the FIRST trailer and most of the MCU fans know next to nothing about Captain Marvel. And NONE of us know anything about that actress or her spin on the character.  It makes perfect sense to have an established character to narrate the trailer
YES! CAPTAIN MARVEL Star Brie Larson Has Signed Up To Star In SEVEN Marvel Cinematic Universe Movies     
Brie Larson depressed boring face is around the web during award shows, red carpets and un her movies. We notice it in Captain Marvel bc CM it's not Room 
Brie Larson calls role as 1st ever solo female superhero 'surreal'  WONDER WOMAN CAME OUT LAST YEAR!!!    
bc Captain Marvel got announced in ‘14, Brie Larson was cast in ‘16 and they started production when her schedule cleared after her ‘17 films like Kong and her 1st directorial debut film. This was coming. I’d say BW got greenlit after WW success but CM was greenlit since ‘14 
i can’t believe this amazing icon is playing captain marvel. brie, you are amazing and wonderful & such a good role model. you stand up for what you believe in, and you fight for what’s right. happy birthday brie larson, i love you 
 the future is female and brie larson is our leader (bonus: me crying over the captain marvel trailer) 
Y'all we were sleeping on Brie Larson before Room and Captain Marvel! She should have gotten an Emmy for United States of Tara and an Oscar for Short Term 12!!! Girl has been a masterclass in acting since day 1!!!
So this guy wanted to troll and harass Brie Larson but now he has a  avi? Smh  I can’t with this guy  Also David Sandberg debunked the latest conspiracy theory. 
CAPTAIN MARVEL (March 2019) ~ I couldn’t be more excited for this! Brie Larson is an amazing actress and I’ve been impressed by every image released, not to mention that trailer! This movie will truly be something special for the MCU 
Iam sooooo happy and so devasted at the same time, Corps. Not sure if I’ll be able to go to Brazil in time. It’s be the change of a lifetime to meet out Captain Marvel @brielarson
If you still don't know who  is or what her superpowers are, we've got you covered. Here's everything you need to know about Brie Larson's superhero:  
it took a month for them to get here and then another month for the weather to cooperate but omg I love them I have never felt more powerful   praise to our lord and savior brie larson   
‘Captain Marvel’: Brie Larson says Carol Danvers’ flaws are what make her great https://cstu.io/b25fd4
brie larson stans attacking david sandberg for saying facts. y'all petty af. shazam is in fact the original captain marvel. go see shazam in theaters april 5th, 2019.
tbh brie larson probably posted a selfie with a stan lee caption bc the photos she has with stan she can’t post bc of captain marvel not being out i don’t blame her
Só tava assistindo o grande truque por causa da Scarlett Johansson e quando volto pro site tem muito dedaria e grito no ci! Brie Larson na #CCXP18 #ccxp #CaptainMarvel #CapitaMarvel
And in case you missed it...here's the trailer for #CaptainMarvel!  (@clarkgregg @brielarson)https://youtu.be/Z1BCujX3pw8
Random and slightly off-topic observation: The Venn diagram of "people who think @brielarson should smile more as Captain Marvel" and "people who think Hillary Clinton's smile is so fake" is just a circle, right? #KavaNOPE
brie larson, lee pace and gemma chan in a same movie..... captain marvel really said fuck alia's meat
Brie is beung criticised for not smiling enough in her role as Captain Marvel. Here’s how she responded. 
marvel stans! rt to be mutuals!  stan list: -tom holland/peter parker -mj/ zendaya -carol danvers/ captain marvel/ brie larson -peggy carter/hayley atwell -steve rogers/ chris evans -tony stark/ rdj -literally any other mcu actor/character 
Follow the official #CaptainMarvel accounts on Twitter and Instagram!  @brielarson @captainmarvel (on IG - captainmarvelofficial)  And stay tuned! You #1 Captain Marvel source is also on IG captmarvelnews
my classmate said that captain marvel is gonna be bad and that the character should just die already and also said that brie is ugly 
#CaptainMarvel wants to be Samus? Musta seen dat trailer of #SmashBrosUltimate. Gotta wait until her movie to see if the quality of this Brie is bold enough to be from Wisconsin. Even though the character is from Boston. But then again, this Brie has been aged for over 20 years!
i’m looking for new mutuals so rt if you stan:  - mcu - robert downey jr/tony - chris evans/steve - mark ruffalo/bruce - scarlett johansson/natasha - thor/chris - movies  - captain marvel/brie  - the resident - agents of shield - sebastian stan/bucky  i'll follow! thank you
A lot of people don't care about brie larson or captain marvel but you don't see them whinging like babies like you are doing. Get over it and take your own advice and "move on". 
Why can’t y’all just leave well enough alone?   Let Brie Larson be and let fans have our moment with    Gtfoh with this shit fam. 
just love how dudebros praised sebastian stan’s blank-face acting in tws (which was there for a reason) yet criticise brie larson for the same thing in the captain marvel trailer despite there being a very similar reason for their facial expressions
y’all I have not spoken up for WEEKS about this but every time I see a captain marvel ad with Brie Larson on it I’ve been like “that’s not Brie fuckin Larson but ok!!!” because everyone agrees it’s Brie Larson?! just realized I was thinking of Allison Brie this entire time.
Dc stans keep getting pressed about Captain Marvel and Brie Larson and the movie HASN'T EVEN COME OUT YET. LMAO this movie will be a HUGE success and that's why gal stans are afraid sdfgjksh  
Take a closer look at the '90s nostalgia, digital de-aged Nick Fury and @brielarson action at the center of the #CaptainMarvel trailer http://thr.cm/xQagCP
“brie larson showed no emotion during the captain marvel trailer !!!11! she’s gonna be awful!!1!1” nah maybe a) it’s a 2 minute trailer which showed hardly anything and b) brie was shown for like seconds at a time in scenes w no context. shut the fuck up& wait for the film maybe? 
"brie larson liked your tweet" oh mY GOD? OH MY GOD. OH MY GOD! I LOVE YOU BRIE AND I'M SO SO THANKFUL YOU'RE PLAYING CAPTAIN MARVEL, WHO'S LIKE YOU, AN ICON. YOU'RE INSPIRING SO MANY LITTLE GIRLS OUT THERE   AND WOMEN LIKE ME TOO. 
I fell in love with @brielarson in Hoot! It's one of my favorite books and when I saw the movie I was in awe of how great Brie was as Beatrice. My first girl crush. Still love the movie, can't wait for Captain Marvel because I feel yet again she is perfect for it! #CaptainMarvel
bitch.....i'm so sad i misssed the mitski concert tonight, cause mitski and also brie larson aka captain marvel was there.....................................
If you know someone who's a Brie Larson look-alike and needs a job (yeah, right...), Disneyland probably is interested in hiring her now.
Raise your hand if you think Simone is actually gonna show up as Captain Marvel and save everyone from Thanos instead of Brie Larson
the screen fades to black leaving the imprinted image of the city on fire; what were left questioning: Where is captain marvel? who’s brie larson? the avengers are doomed against thanos with out her. The cutscene slowly begins to fade in and we are presented with one image 
So @brielarson , is she just heartless, dumb or she didn't give a fuck about #StanLee ?  #captainmarvel #mcu
brie is literally the sweetest person thank you for being our captain marvel and spreading positivity and love 
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/shhKS7MNXYw?a  Drawing Captain Marvel (Brie Larson) | Time-lapse Speed Drawing |
Disney's Marvel Studios is set to introduce Captain Marvel, it's first female superhero lead, starring actress Brie Larson. The character is being described as being 'more powerful' than any other superhero introduced so far by Marvel. https://buff.ly/2zp2m4j
What is up with people criticizing Brie Larson and Sophie Turners’ expressions in their movie trailers? Their movies have mysterious/dark story lines, what do you expect them to do, smile?   
Some nights I lay awake thinking about how when Michael Cera was Scott Pilgrim, he defeated Chris Evans, Brandon Routh, and by extension Brie Larson, so if Michael Cera can beat Captain America, Superman, and Captain Marvel, Michael Cera could possibly have beaten Thanos
Nadie puede decirme que mi teléfono luce mal, NADIE. No con mi héroe en el. Gracias reina, de nuevo gracias Brie, gracias Joe.  
Happy Birthday, ! From  to , we are huge fans of Brie and are excited to watch her kick butt as . What's your favorite role?   
Good Theatre Tuesday Everyone! The Theatre & Movie season is gearing up to be an Exciting one. I've just received a few magazines featuring Brie Larson as Captain Marvel. Which Includes Lee Pace starring as the one and only Ronan!     
A superhero liked my post.   An Oscar winning actress liked my post.   Captain Marvel liked my post.   BRIE LARSON LIKED MY POST KSJSJSNB 
Happy birthday to our talented actress . Wishing your upcoming year will bring you higher, further, faster and more than ever before.   
AHHH! I was so excited for Brie being Captain Marvel and now Mary Elizabeth Winstead as Huntress!! I’m living  
i saw the captain marvel trailer again im theaters and since i was with my friends i kept screaming about how gay i am and how much i love brie larson uwu
We're currently having an internal difference of opinion. Should a live-action  movie happen, who would you rather play the role as Samus?  Here are the two options we're arguing over:  Chelsey Reist (Harper from The 100) Brie Larson (Captain Marvel) 
 !!  i dont really take selfies/post them online but anything for my captain marvel!! i have always loved brie and you know what, our her-o will defeat thanos  
Samuel L. Jackson: 14 letters  Brie Larson: 10 letters   Should've hired a male actor with name less than 10 letters than Brie Larson, i.e. Captain Marvel. Unreal discrimination from Marvel. Disgusting. 
I don't really like #captainMarvel  Firstly coz i m not fond of thr character secondly i don't feel connected to the actress playing it  Thirdly and most importantly bitch is getting a movie before #BlackWidow  Widow was there all the time she deserved it before her
CAPTAIN MARVEL Official Trailer (2019) Brie Larson Marvel Movie https://youtu.be/i-dbjsrLafI  via @YouTube IM SHACKING
From one current USAFA cadet to a “USAFA Grad” you must understand the importance of having the best ring dance date possible. So my question is... would you, Captain Marvel, honor me on the 24th of May, 2019, and be my date? If retweets are needed then how many? @brielarson
can’t believe yall have the guts to say with ur whole chest that captain marvel is the greatest character brie larson has played ... have y’all forgotten that she was a SIX CHICK  
Yeah it is a mistake because assuming all heroes were white men would mean you woukd have to ignore decades of mass media. I'm sure Brie Larson would like to pretend that Captain Marvel was never a black woman
I've decided that, while I'm still totally supporting #RehireJamesGunn and think that @RobertIger and #Horn should step down immediately for caving to Nazis - I'm not going to screw over @brielarson and @captainmarvel Those attacking @Disney @starwars and @Marvel want failure.
.@brielarson, who signed a seven-picture deal with Marvel that locks her into multiple franchises, will be paid some $5 million for next year’s #CaptainMarvel movie http://thr.cm/1CV4eI
this is why  is on jeopardy, too sjw and an insensitive tribute to stan lee like look at that post. someone call up !!! wtf u doin’ brie?!
I’m sure Brie Larson will be great but Lena Headey should be Captain Marvel because Lena Headey should be in every movie. I am not sorry.
 i've been waiting for a captain marvel movie since i was 13 years old (im almost 20) and we FINISHED got one! brie was born to play this role! and i'm so glad marvel found a captain marvel who's a superhero on and off screen. she fights for women and i love her sm 
LRT: she really counted the words in a trailer and the film is STARRING Brie Larson as Captain Marvel, the name of the damn movie...  I just...how is it possible to be THAT insufferable. Oh wait, that’s right. 
Wishing the happiest of birthdays to the protector of skies herself, our Carol Danvers/Captain Marvel, Brie Larson!   We absolutely love you to the space and back.   
Google has failed me. I thought I had all the pictures of Brie Larson on set of Captain Marvel and I don’t.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to . Not only is she one of the most-talented, tendered-hearted and extraordinary actresses out there, she’s also our  . We love you!!  
Having finally gotten around to watching Mercury 13 on Netflix, I’m itching to reread In Pursuit of Flight by @kellysue and @dextersoy and anxious to see Captain Marvel with @brielarson.
this film is going to blow ppl away, the haters can just hate, Brie Larson is going to amaze us as Captain Marvel 
Reshoots of  are taking place by my apartment tn, I know its unlikely she'll see this, but I just want to tell  thank you. My favorite actress playing a strong, powerful, badass blonde woman named Carol, just like my mom, is something she would have loved
Hey @brielarson !!! Can't wait to see you in the new @captainmarvel movie. PS. 🕇RIP STAN LEE 🕇#excelsior
i can’t believe locals are saying brie larson made a terrible job portraying captain marvel lmaooo and you deduced that on what? a fucking two minute trailer???
Brie Larson stans  -HYPED AS FUCK FOR CAPTAIN MARVEL -are so fucking nice I love them -have hella pictures of her saved -“she has an OSCAR” -will fuck up any anti brie’s or dudebros
Desperate MCU fanboys trying to make Captain Brie relevant by claiming Wonder Woman 1984 moved to June 2020 because it's "running scared" from 'Marvel Studios' Captain Marvel' which would've released EIGHT MONTHS before WW84.... ? That's cute. 
Since it’s been out I’ve been watching the #CaptainMarvel trailer everyday for a couple of times I feel hyped & happy it’s like I’m getting my daily dosage of it @BrieLarson you are a real life hero, this might be a #CaptainMarvelChallenge
Many Many Happy returns of the day Brie Larson a.k.a Captain Marvel.  She turns 29 years old today.  
From Brie Larson’s IG! Im sure we will see a lot of Brie’s new fighting skills in ! Love she’s changed her lifestyle for the better and healthier with Carol too! 
Become a superhero along with Brie Larson in new ‘Captain Marvel’ trailer (Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures)  
I’ve seen a lot of criticism towards Brie Larson/Captain Marvel. We saw a two minute trailer. Two minutes, guys. We don’t know what internal battles her character is fighting, etc. I can’t think of too many heroes who are all rainbows & sunshine when discovering who they are. 
if there’s one thing i want stan twitter to learn, it’s that the past tense of “cast” is “cast.”  as in, “brie larson was cast as captain marvel.”  NOT “CASTED.” 
it’ll be bitter sweet to see the @TheRealStanLee cameo in @captainmarvel  #StanLee @Marvel @brielarson #CaptainMarvel #CarolDanvers
After #InfinityWars and the end credits scene of #AntManandWasp I assume @captainmarvel will be 15 minutes of Brie Larson and 2 hours of Kevin Feige on camera flipping off all the fans. @MarvelStudios
In the Captain Marvel trailer, Brie Larson punches an elderly woman on a train! I sincerely doubt she's an advocate for that though! 
Brie Larson isn't here for your sexist  backlash. The Oscar winner responded to complains her superhero needs to "smile more" by posting photoshopped photos of Iron Man, Captain America, and more smiling.  
From Brie Larson’s IG!! “Thank you to the military families, STEM students and all the other cuties who came to the Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum to see the  trailer in IMAX. Amazed that anyone would want to see my face that large.” - WE ALL WILL!  
Somehow the #DarkPhoenix trailer, though not perfect, makes the #CaptainMarvel trailer look like a cement colored generic film... & it didn't show anything at all! CM trailer was weighed down by terrible cgi, the bored expression from Larson, & somehow Nick Fury having more lines
I'm here to support my girlfriend Brie on her upcoming movie Captain Marvel. Another strong woman in an universe I believed were for boys for most of my life. What a time to be alive. 
Brie Larson heard some people think  needs to "smile more," so she went ahead and posted to social media photos of male MCU superheroes smiling. Check mate, Larson:  
Did you dislike the #CaptainMarvel trailer? Good for you! You’re entitled to your own opinion! Did you bully actresses like @brielarson just because you didn’t like their performance in a 1.5 minute trailer?   Rethink your choices.
Behold the awesome  as Captain Marvel in our latest Cosplay Video! She looks amazing! CHECK OUT THE FULL VIDEO: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Kkdw1FyBLA … #CaptainMarvel #Avengers @MarvelStudios @brielarsonpic.twitter.com/Y2nQZTzp9r
  So, i deleted everything he tweeted and commented. Again, i'm sorry. Brie Larson is my favorite actress and i would never do something like that
happy birthday to the beautiful, talented brie larson. our one and only captain marvel  thank you for inspiring women around the world to find the superhero in them and empowering them to be the best versions of themselves that they can be.   
Brie Larson was told to smile more as Captain Marvel and had the absolute best response https://ti.me/2zmC2I0
The bored, almost lifeless face Brie Larson makes in 99.9% of the Captain Marvel trailer is the same face I make in theaters at every cringe joke in MCU movies that the kids laugh at and grown Disney shills force themselves to laugh at.
It’s fucked up for most everyone who isn’t a white man but Brie Larson is Captain Marvel so you’re gonna have to miss me with the whole “why does the black guy get so many words in the trailer he’s narrating” example
I don’t get the hate. I’m super excited for Captain Marvel. She’s such a badass. @brielarson will make a great addition to the MCU
People saying Brie Larson isn’t a good choice for Captain Marvel.   You know, just like how RDJ wasn’t a good choice for Iron Man. Or Evans as Captain America. Or Pratt as Star-Lord. Or Rudd as Scott Lang. Or Ruffalo as Hulk. Or Tom Holland as Spidey. How did all those pay off?
You can be you. That means you can smile or not! BOOM   via  http://time.com/5403533/brie-larson-captain-marvel-smile/?xid=tcoshare … #WomenKickAss #CaptainMarvel @captainmarvel
Yeah, Samuel L Jackson (Nick Fury), Brie Larson (Captain Marvel), Tom Hiddleston (Loki), John C Reilly (Rhomann Dey), and Terry Notary (Cull Obsidian) are all in it!
I remember sobbing watching WW & not knowing why ‘til I spoke to other women who’d felt the same thing: representation, elevation, hope.  I feel it again watching the #CaptainMarvel trailer.  These films are important & I cannot wait to see @brielarson bring it to the big screen.
Uhh, I’ve heard SO many dudes say: “Brie Larson doesn’t look like she’s having ‘fun’. She’s too serious.”  Translation: “Pretty girls should smile more”  Fellas, please be mindful that these comments reinforce gender stereotypes. Help change culture expectations.  
A TRUE SUPERHERO. Brie Larson was told to smile more as Captain Marvel and had the absolute best response      
um ok i’m super late but i wanted to join this tag bc it’s so wonderful & i love brie so much, she’s such & inspiration & i’m glad that an amazing woman is playing captain marvel !!! nothing but respect for our carol danvers !!
Captain Marvel: Brie Larson is back on set https://b-larson.net/captain-marvel-brie-larson-is-back-on-set/ …
He added: “Little girls will see Brie Larson as Captain Marvel and be inspired that someone just like them are saving the [world.] Your skin, gender or physical ability might make you feel different, but ‘different’ isn’t too far from ‘unique.’ 
carol/brie: hey- zachary levi/dc fanboys: YOU STOLE THE CAPTAIN MARVEL NAME SHAZAM IS THE REAL CAPTAIN MARVEL
Watched the Captain Marvel trailer. Her voice seemed so bored and not commanding/strong at all. Her green costume looked uggo too.   I wish female actress would buff up a little for these roles. Her and Wonder Woman look like sticks. Where the thicc ladies at? 
Artist BossLogic has created a new piece that shows us what Brie Larson could look like as Samus Aran in the Metroid movie. Earlier this week, the Captain Marvel star shared her epic Zero... 
The real #CaptainMarvelChallenge is to watch the #CaptainMarvel trailer at least once a day, every day until the movie releases. I’m gonna try to do it loool @brielarson THIS IS FOR YOU I LOVE YOU
I honestly don’t care to see Brie Larson as Captain Marvel ...   I’m only watching it because it’s the prelude to Avengers 4 & I want to see how her Pantene Pro-V Head ass plans to save the day 
ET was first on the set of Marvel's upcoming 'Captain Marvel' to talk suits and stuntwork with Larson and Samuel L. Jackson. 
If Brie Larson’s acting in the CAPTAIN MARVEL trailer is bad, then so is Ryan Gosling’s in BLADE RUNNER 2049.  #Biased
Happy birthday to Captain Marvel herself, ! The talented actress turns 29 today. We hope she has a marvelous day!
Brie Larson responding to the people complaining about Captain Marvel not smiling enough respect our captain. 
I tell you about this men they complaining  Brie Larson is not smiling in the Captain Marvel trailer .. men also constantly  complained  Hillary Clinton did not smile or her laugh was devilish .. for this men women has to behave the way men wants them .. guess what fuck y'all 
Some men have a peculiar need to tell women to smile. It’s annoying sexist crap and even female superheroes have to deal with it  Brie Larson Was Told to Smile More As Captain Marvel. She Had the Absolute Best Response. - TIMEhttps://apple.news/AXqpwEngfQ06ezViIf074_Q
brie thank you so much for liking my tweet. you have no idea how much you mean to me and how much captain marvel means to me. having a positive female role model out in the world is incredibly needed and i’m so glad it’s you. thank you for liking my selfies it made my whole week
Brie Larson is an utter godsend and we do not deserve her talent. Captain Marvel will be what girls need everywhere and I can’t wait. 
Thanks so much to this wonderful icon who is an inspiration to every introverted girl like me. #brielarson #CaptainMarvel
's Samus Aran is one of the biggest heroines in video games, and it turns out Captain Marvel herself, Brie Larson, would love to play her in a movie. 
#CarolCorps members: please follow the @brielarsons fan account on Instagram! I just acquired the account from someone else who didn’t want it anymore. How fast can we make it to 1000 followers?  #BrieLarson #CaptainMarvel #CarolDanvers
Speaking of female singers I just found out that Brie Larson who plays Captain Marvel was a singer!   Check it out:  https://youtu.be/-bvYRlv7XCw
my brother says that brie larson isn’t the right actress to play captain marvel because she doesn’t have a great ass??  what the fuck??
Brie Larson signs a 7-picture deal with Marvel Studios, starting with a $5 million payday for #CaptainMarvel http://bit.ly/2OV7LJ2
Confession: I literally had no idea who is captain marvel (carol danvers) And I had no idea who was Brie Larson, the only time I found out about carol danvers existences And Brie existence is when captain marvel trailer dropped
i was hesitant with this but oh well what wouldn’t I do for my captain, I can’t wait to feel the empowerment, confidence and inspiration captain marvel and Brie will give us, this is for her and nishat only     love y’all with all my heart 
I thought this post of Brie Larson was fake, but it was an actual post that was later deleted. Stan built the playground that you get to play Captain Marvel in. I expected more out of the actress who gets to portray her. What in the world is her problem? 
if ur having a bad day just stop whatever ur doing and look at brie larson being absolutely fuckin ADORABLE whilst dressed as captain marvel... im dropping my uwus all over the place omg 
The MCU has found a new face of the franchise!  star Brie Larson is locked in for 7 movies in the MCU: 
In the first Captain Marvel trailer, Samuel L. Jackson's character blinks 220 times. Brie Larson's character, i.e. Captain Marvel, blinks 167 times.  Come on, Marvel.
Brie Larson has posted a new photo of her as Captain Marvel promoting people to vote tomorrow on November 6th. (Source: )
"Brie Larson... I feel like I owe her child support. The acting chops of an Easter Island statue." - Ethan Van Sciver referring to Captain Marvel, 2018. @EthanVanSciver
With Jodie Whittaker playing the new Doctor Who and Brie Larson playing the new Captain Marvel....my dream of Willem Dafoe starring in "Larry Poppins" can't be too far away RS
just saw @brielarson's instagram story that said "omg cramps" just as i was also suffering, and realizing that my cycle might be synced up with @captainmarvel almost made me cry. it was quite possibly also the hormones.
Here’s your first peek at the 90s-set —complete with Blockbuster and Brie Larson punching an old lady in the face 
btw i hope captain marvel is brie larson from room and not from the kong movie. she was stellar in the former and very bad in the latter.
I'm honestly so excited for captain marvel it's hard to put into words, I wholeheartedly think it's going to be everything  ive ever wanted in a superhero movie and more. @brielarson is going to just own it, born to be Carol Danvers
Brie Larson Heard Complaints That  Needs to Smile More, So She Posted MCU Men With Photoshopped Smiles  
#FoxNaCCXP announced that #JessicaChastain, #SophieTurner and #SimonKinberg will be there Friday, Dec. 7. The CCXP 2018 will take place December 6-9 in São Paulo, attractions include #BrieLarson and #SebastianStan on 08, and #ZacharyLevi 9th #shazam #DarkPhoenix #CaptainMarvel
 is one of the most anticipated movies of 2019, and there was no shortage of actresses rumored for the role. So who missed out on the blockbuster role? 
THAT MOMENT WHEN THE STARS ALIGN AND THE MAGIC HAPPENS. It HAD to be Brie. Just HAD to. WE ARE UBER PROUD.  Thanks       
I SWEAR TO GOD, I’m sick of guys who are mad that Brie Larson isn’t all smiles in Captain Marvel. SHES TRYING TO SAVE THE WORLD, she’s FOCUSED AND BADASS. This is worse than when some dude bro tells me to smile more.
Can't wait until Captain Marvel is about to premire becuase we'll have so much content of Brie Larson from the press tour, the gays stay winning
Brie Larson Responded Perfectly to Jerks Who Said Captain Marvel Should Smile More. She reposting posters of the MCU’s male heroes on Instagram, "with their faces edited into smiles that look horrible because of course they would." 
im so ready for captain marvel to come out and for brie larson to completely and utterly destroy my ass 
I'm also acknowledging Brie Larson for playing the MCU's first female solo title role in Captain Marvel. 
Avengers 4: ‘Captain Marvel is VERY different type of origin story’ says Marvel boss https://www.express.co.uk/entertainment/films/1038494/Avengers-4-Captain-Marvel-origin-story-Brie-Larson-Kevin-Feige … #Avengers4 #captainmarvel
The problem with Larson in the Captain Marvel trailer is not about her not smiling, is about her having the same face expression even in action scenes. And she has an Oscar.
@brielarson Hi Brie I'm a huge fan and i loved your performances in Room and Kong: Skull Island and i can't wait to see you play Captain Marvel next year and i think you're a very lovely and great actress.
why are people still so upset about brie's acting in the captain marvel trailer? will y'all ever hold the chrises to the same standard because last time i checked they weren't known for their award worthy performances
First Brie Larson got cast as Captain Marvel. Now Mary Elizabeth Winstead. All my Scott Pilgrim boo are becoming superheros  
me running out of marvel studios with the destroyed captain marvel footage when i see kevin feige and brie larson coming down the hall 
I feel offended that marvel is just gonna deny us kristen ritters jessica jones and brie larsons captain marvel friendship in the movies like their comic book counterparts have 
Brie Larson really gave us the greatest bop in Scott Pilgrim vs the world and now she’s going to be Captain Marvel 
@GabrielNerdLand gostaria de pedir sua opinião. Será que a @Marvel divulgará o trailer de Vingadores 4 só ano que vem pra não tirar o foco da #CaptainMarvel? Se lançar vai derrubar a internet.
Listen @KingKyro7 Shit-head How rude of you to say asshole! Quit Pitting #GalGadot and #BrieLarson against one another. These two women are their own #WonderWoman & #CaptainMarvel both fighting for equality and human rights they are both Humanitarians something you are not!!!
1 MILLION LIKES ON A SOLO MCU FILM?! SHE BROKE THE INTERNET. IM SO PROUD @brielarson  #CaptainMarvel
CAPTAIN MARVEL Official Trailer 2019 Brie Larson Marvel Movie: http://youtu.be/cLeyst6LvNI?a  a través de @YouTube
Brie Larson has JUST A FEW trophies at home.  YOU GO #CaptainMarvel  Academy Awards BAFTA Awards Critic's Choice Movie Awards Golden Globe Awards Screen Actors Guild Awards
I NEED MARVEL MUTUALS  • Tom Hiddleston/Loki • Chris Evans/Steve Rogers/Captain America • Brie Larson/Captain Marvel • Elizabeth Olsen/Scarlet Witch • Tom Holland/Peter Parker/Spiderman • Tony Stark • Thor • Natasha Romanoff • Groot • Nebula  RT AND FOLLOW FOR A FB
I was bored in math so I made a list of reasons I hate carol danvers - most powerful character in the mcu?? uh wendy says hi - never smiles - was in the airforce - she’s a cracker - brie larson can’t act - stole bucky’s brainwash story - might be captain marvel but steve’s better
Nick Fury is the one who calls Captain Marvel at the end of Infinity War. It’s very obvious why the trailer was done the way it was.  Brie Larson has said 33 words, but Melissa McEwan should say 0. 
These folks are TRULY IRRITATED at the fact Brie Larson didn’t smile...sorry “show emotions” in the  trailer.   All they did was post pics of Mysterio from the new Spidey flick. Stay pressed. 
Carol Danvers through the years! Age 6- London Fuller  Young Carol- McKenna Grace  Adult Carol- Brie Larson  
What if Captain Marvel is just a fantasy playing out in Brie Larson’s head while she’s stuck in Room
Brie Larson was told Captain Marvel should “smile more,” so she posted photoshopped pics of male superheroes smiling  
Dear Brie Larson,  Your  is not breaking any barriers. The first solo female "Marvel" film was Elektra in 2005.  Sincerely, Marvel Fans 
Captain Marvel is the MCU's most powerful hero... but is Brie Larson's promise of her throwing planets too much?  Not if you consider her Binary powers!   
Absolutely, there’s room for all “Good” movies. How amazing will Kristen Wiig be as Cheetah? I also look forward to Brie Larson’s portrayal as Captain Marvel. 
I’m excited for Captain Marvel but I’m afraid that Brie Larson ends up phoning it in i hope I’m wrong 
hi, i'm looking for mutuals :) rt/like this tweet if you stan:  - captain marvel - steve rogers - Brie Larson  - Chris Evan's  - thor  - okoye  - scarlet witch  - Tom hiddleston  - Loki  - valkyrie   please follow back
You’re the most devoted Captain Marvel fan I’ve ever seen on twitter, I think you going to meet Brie Larson would be amazing since you know everything there is to know about Carol Danvers and you’re very passionate about the CM movie and represent the Carol Corps!!
Hey  ... anything you can do to help the biggest  fan and  fan I Know in  ! He’s the leader of the  and it would so awesome for him to meet Brie.  anything you can do to help?
when will sweaty nerds stop being salty about captain marvel being a woman and that brie larson is playing her? misogyny is so last century. stfu
“WHEN ITS FUNNY, it’s FUNNY, but also when there’s deep emotional things happening,it’s real. So I was able to bring some of those same things that I’ve brought to full dramatic roles into , which I’m really proud of. I think it will really set this film apart” Brie 
the hype around captain marvel is dying so imma post a pic of brie larson and captain marvel everyday til the movie release
Brie Larsen as Captain Marvel looks terrible, she has Soccer Mom Bitch Face the whole time. When I look at promo video/photos I am like “is this a CW show?”  I want to see it because of the connected universe and interesting story, but so far idk about this casting.
18 .. I SAID 18 MILLION VIEWS IN ONE DAY. ONE SINGLE DAY! @brielarson #CaptainMarvel #BreakTheInternet https://youtu.be/Z1BCujX3pw8
Life Of Captain Marvel writer, @mstohl being effusive about @brielarson’s casting. “I think she is someone whom Carol would like to play her. She definitely holds herself to a high personal bar and she makes her own decisions. She has a strong sense of right and wrong.”
Who else is hyped af for Brie Larson to headline a #marvel movie? I love her  #CaptainMarvel #CaptainMarvelTrailer
“I am so gay #captainmarvel.” https://www.pinknews.co.uk/2018/09/18/brie-larson-captain-marvel-trailer-gay-twitter/?utm_source=Twitter&utm_medium=Buffer&utm_campaign=PN …
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://youtu.be/DnGOsM2drdc?a  Brie Larson VS Gal Gadot Training For [Captain Marvel vs Wonder Woman]
The controversy surrounding @brielarson ‘s absent smile in the Captain Marvel trailer would probably make a lot less sense if we weren’t living in a world where Bert and Earnie’s felt-based sexuality was a top trended topic.  #humansareidiots
he was captain marvel before but not anymore, there's only one captain marvel and her name is carol danvers, brie larson gets paid to be "moody" also she promotes something called equal rights for women and yes men are in fact weak 
People in the comments of this post also said she’d  be a better Captain Marvel.... SCARLETt isn’t the only actress alive you fuckin plebs and y’all act like she’s above every other mcu actress when she has the acting range of a string bean 
Okay. Here me out.  Chris Evans and Brie Larson are both in Scott Pilgrim vs. the World.  Chris plays Captain America. Brie plays Captain Marvel.  What are the chances that they meet in Avengers 4 and slip in a Scott Pilgrim reference?  Yeah, too much to think on that.
Brie Larson on being : "I still just feel like myself. I don't feel like a superhero. This is all so surreal and new to me."  
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/VkP3mMgTbaw?a  CAPTAIN MARVEL Official Trailer (2019) Brie Larson Marvel Movie
Brie Larson (left) plays Carol Danvers/Captain Marvel in Marvel's#captainmarvel#avenger4#marvelstudeos#movies  
Captain Marvel  by Magic Pants Cosplay  Gif from Cosplay Video by    Original Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SJQ4_SuJGj8 … #CarolDanvers #CarolCorps #CaptainMarvel #MarvelComics @brielarsonpic.twitter.com/kOrBonpkkc
just found out that my film professor edited the film Short Term 12,  the one that stars brie larson. BRIE LARSON.. AKA CAPTAIN MARVEL???? HES GONNA HAVE TO SIGN MY MIDTERM
someone on ig just said that captain marvel is the worst mcu character just because brie larson is a feminist does not mean that shes awful sweetie
SNEAK PEEK: Brie Larson Is "Captain Marvel" http://www.sneakpeek.ca/2018/11/brie-larson-is-captain-marvel.html?spref=tw …
  i wanted to join too, sorry for breaking your screens! haha i love u so much brie and i'm so excited for captain marvel  
 is such a rad and beautiful hash tag  as a long time Marvel fan and I am definitely supporting/anticipating Brie as Captain Marvel, it's so awesome to see her support for this! here's my contribution. 
Very disappointed in Brie Larson. Honestly not even going to go into anything as I really like her. I’ve gotten past a few questionable things that she’s said before but this crossing a line. Do better Brie & please show some respect, especially now that you’re Captain Marvel  
Brie Larson dons the Captain Marvel superhero suit again - Daily Mail #CaptainMarvel https://apple.news/AH27DKiSdR5CZrRcRxC-rFA …
hey!! i’m trying to find new mutuals since twitter decided to suspend my account!! so rt if you stan the following: tony stark/rdj brie larson/captain marvel ironstrange  stony amatw literally anything marvel i’m begging y’all
Brie Larson (Captain Marvel) has expressed interest in playing Samus Aran in a Metroid live-action film    | 
From Brie Larson’s IG- “I’m just trying to be honest here.”  Our HERo knows how to have some fun! And she’s super fit!  
“We saw the  teaser trailer that BROKE RECORDS. We’ve seen the movie many times, it’s coming together EXTREMELY well. Brie’s doing a TREMENDOUS job.Sam Jackson’s a very different NickFury, the entire cast. While it’s an ORIGIN story of our hero, it’s very different” 
Myself @RafDanvers and Fernanda @CaptMarvelBR talked a LOT yesterday about Brie visiting our country.  It’s not everyday that Captain Marvel herself gets to visit you!
@brielarson @captainmarvel hi sorry to bother you but... i’d really like it if we could get another trailer or a promo picture... i miss Her <3
Fuuuuuck me. Brie Larson doesn't want some rando's digits, and that's reason to not go see "Captain Marvel?" I'd expect no less from a fragile nitwit who counts Nazi apologists among his friends.
I don’t care if you don’t think  will be a good carol danvers. I don’t care if you don’t think girls need a hero w a stand alone film. I don’t care if you think captain marvel is overpowered and boring.  Brie Larson is a hero. And no one can ever convince me otherwise. 
“Captain Marvel doesn’t smile enough!” “Captain Marvel shouldn’t punch old ladies!” “Brie Larson needs more charisma!” “Captain Marvel doesn’t talk enough in her own teaser trailer!” “Marvel stole the name from DC!”  Jesus, people need to shut up. #CaptainMarvel
god i don’t really care about marvel as a whole that much despite having seen almost all of the movies but i’m actually super excited that i’ll be in disney for the captain marvel release.  i hope they do some cool stuff.. have some cool brie larson merch..
I heard someone say that Monica Rambeau wasn't everyone's favorite Captain Marvel and honestly I'm scandalized, here's an article on how great her too-brief run as Avengers leader was. Monica 4ever tbh 
I'm so excited for #CaptainMarvel @brielarson is my favorite actress I can't wait it's gonna be so amazing! #Marvel
Brie Larson And Clark Gregg Suit-Up For The Highly Anticipated 'Captain Marvel' The actors were shooting some scenes for the film   @captainmarvelofficial     GO TO   FOR MORE  
My favorite Marvel character portrayed by my favorite actress. Do you know how f***ing happy i am? #CaptainMarvel
CAPTAIN MARVEL Stars Brie Larson And Clark Gregg Return To Set As Reshoots Get Underway: Reshoots are now underway on Captain Marvel, and several cast members have reassembled on the LA set. See Brie Larson back in her green Kree costume alongside Clark... http://dlvr.it/QrjSYq
#CaptainMarvel AKA Brie Larson is dominating the scene. Read more on #IssuuStories http://bit.ly/2OpBv0z
 One of the most beautiful memes I saw on "Captain Marvel"..I wish you a good day, you're fantastic Brie. 
Now THIS is awesome.  is NOT here for your shit. Way to go Captain.  https://www.vice.com/en_us/article/gynvnw/brie-larson-was-told-to-smile-so-she-put-smiles-onto-marvel-dudes?utm_source=dmfb …
From our first glimpse of Brie Larson's #CaptainMarvel to a final goodbye to Anthony Bourdain — check out of the top trailers of the week https://rol.st/2xw5ZEo
Here's a brief look at the process of coloring 's lovely  variant cover for Amazing Spiderman #16, solicited today. Hope you enjoy! =) 
The marvellous American actress , CAPTAIN MARVEL fame, celebrates her birthday today. Wishing her a fun-filled year ahead.           net  com
#CAPTAINMARVEL  Okay, first of all, my cousin asked to use my cellphone. The son of a ***** entered my Twitter account and offended @brielarson (And i'm sorry for that)
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/RlXGUCBXKJw?a  Drawing Captain Marvel (Brie Larson) - Timelapse | Artology
RT/follow if you stan: •MCU •GOTG and cast except Dave •Captain Marvel •AMATW and cast •Chris Pratt/Peter Quill •Brie Larson/Carol Danvers •Chris Hemsworth/Thor •Evangeline Lilly/Hope Van Dyne •Paul Rudd/Scott Lang •SW •SW sequels cast •DW •Jodie Whittaker
Is it bad that after watching the trailer for #CaptainMarvel I immediately went from @brielarson is so sweet and cute to oh my god, she rocks!!! Couldn't have got a better person to play Captain Marvel!!!!!!!
Brie Larson had a perfect clapback to the trolls saying she needs to smile more in Captain Marvel   
ICYMI: Brie Larson's 'Captain Marvel' movie trailer spawns 'smile more' outrage http://ctv.news/C16EJkg  #selfiesforbrie
happy birthday to this absolute icon!! brie larson you are one fantastic human being! you are a role model not only to young girls and boys but to adults as well! keep doin you and spreading positivity!! nothing but respect for MY captain marvel 
CAPTAIN MARVEL International TV Spot Trailer (2019) Brie Larson Marvel Movie: http://youtu.be/x23AAjrWxZ8?a  via @YouTube
why do people hate brie larson as captain marvel like y'all haven't even seen the movie yet and y'all over here judging bc she is apparently "a bad actress" and "not meant for the role" get a life
"She’s just not demonstrating the three expressions they care to look for in a woman - namely, expressions that show she’s soft, feminine and interested in their opinions. Because she’s not. She’s Captain Marvel, motherfuckers, and she’s got shit to do."@brielarson #captainmarvel
Empire UK - November  ︽✵︽  https://b-larson.net/photos/thumbnails.php?album=1069 …pic.twitter.com/TctffQ77u4
Captain Marvel's Brie Larson dressed up as Samus Aran for Halloween and would love to be in a Metroid movie. We're on board. 
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/DnGOsM2drdc?a  Brie Larson VS Gal Gadot Training For [Captain Marvel vs Wonder Woman] 2019 - Who is
Captain Marvel On Set Interview With Brie Larson & Samuel L. Jackson ! https://youtu.be/O5gJowbgUH8  via @YouTube
That suit is perfect! Look how happy Brie is that she gets to play Captain Marvel. This movie is going to rule and I can't wait! 
Captain Marvel's actress has been harassed by some "fans" claiming she should smile more in her promo pieces. So why not give everyone that task? ;) 
Apparently some people are complaining that Brie Larson doesn't smile enough and looks emotionless in the  trailer. Can only imagine what they'd think of many  photos...
Is this hyper- ‘Captain Marvel’ actress publicly demonstrating her bigotry for them sweet, sweet virtue-signal points? Or just a cynical strategy to ensure everyone gives ’s  movie only positive reviews...?  Let the movie goers decide.  
imagine all marvel actresses wearing suits in the captain marvel premiere, we would be literally blessed  
MCU and DCEU fanboys/stans: *fighting over whether their Captain Marvel is better* Brie Larson and Zachary Levi: 
Who is Captain Marvel and can she turn the tide after Infinity War? https://www.independent.co.uk/arts-entertainment/films/news/captain-marvel-trailer-who-is-nick-fury-infinity-war-brie-larson-thanos-starforce-a8543076.html?utm_campaign=Echobox&utm_medium=Social&utm_source=Twitter#Echobox=1537356785 …
No surprise but good news here, Marvel Studios has signed  star Brie Larson for the long haul.   “Brie Larson signed a SEVEN-picture deal that locks her into MULTIPLE FRANCHISES.”  - THR  (THR:  )
Just watched infinity war for like the 1000th time and lemme just say, I am beyond exited to see @brielarson as captain marvel y’all have no idea. Chills just watching the post credits scene omg
, Ms. Brie Larson, star of the upcoming feature film "Captain Marvel," joined  from across the NCR and local  program families during this past Tuesday's  broadcast for the worldwide premiere of the  trailer!" 
Brie Larson was told to smile more as Captain Marvel. She had the absolute best response https://ti.me/2xxSXWS
i'm gonna watch captain marvel so many times next year i'm gonna pay for @brielarson's return for the sequel myself
gain mutuals   rt if you stan any of the following, & follow everyone who rts this. be nice and return all follows to gain new mutuals!   -chris evans/steve -sebastian stan/bucky -peggy carter -tony stark -loki -brie larson/captain marvel -gotg -peter parker -venom
MCU: Brie Larson Is Signed On For SEVEN Movies As Captain Marvel [Updated]                  fortnite 
