Wonder Woman effect. But MCU fuckboys can keep fooling themselves into thinking Feige's been working on Captain Marvel for a long time. Lol. 
My new favorite subgenre of Facebook comment is people who haven’t read a Marvel comic since 1980 suddenly becoming VERY concerned that Captain Marvel is a woman 
Take Catwoman for example, she's a solid character (anti-hero) & her standalone movie would have been great, but the script and maybe acting was a bit off. Personally though, I think she deserves a 2nd chance. That's why I'm happy with the Captain Marvel movie. Another female
     Now THIS is SEXY! The perfect  is completing a sexy piece depicting a  woman as one bad ass comic heroine.… https://www.instagram.com/p/BqL4DFyBxaQ/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=162cup3mjd57i …
Most-excited-about movies of 2019. 1. Avengers 4 2. Wonder Woman 1984 3. Spider-Man: Far From Home 4. Joker 5. Captain Marvel What are yours? 
I like this assumption that Disney is inciting violence against the elderly.   Notes: headline implies Zoe thinks it's ok for male supers to punch old ladies.  "The new female captain Marvel" implies she knows there's a male one. Superman ref. Does she think they replaced Batson. 
next year is going to be THE YEAR. I mean, Game of Thrones s8 Stranger things s3 Avengers Annihilation Spiderman : far from home IT 2 Star wars 9 Wonder woman 2 Captain Marvel Godzilla 2  2019 is going to be AMAZING
y’all protesting captain marvel? tbh good luck if y’all want a representative marvel movie again. marvel barely gave a straight white woman who own movie. if it flops, it’s back to fuckin iron man 77.
Its been years can yall stop pulling this card. Doctor who,Star Wars,Wonder woman,Batwoman,Supergirl, Hunger Games,Annihilation,Captain Marvel,Halloween.  White women are dominating hollywood stop using some trolls as an excuse for your film. 
Batman  Wonder Woman  Aquamen Flash(BA)  Scarlet Witch Captain America Superman  Thor Captain Marvel(Shazam) Cyborg    
...Then  is an example of what happens when women take all that crap absorbed and turn it into the kinetic energy of incandescent rage. 
COME THRU CAPTAIN MARVEL! They truly handled what’s got to be the scariest work incident of my life. I NEED names because I NEED to thank these wonderful women in person.   Hey  your kind heart is showing...and it’s beautiful.
Captain Marvel gets her own ongoing comic series ahead of her solo film, which will feature ‘some female guest stars in an unexpected way’   (via )
SuperGirl.  HawkGirl.  Captain Marvel  Wonder Woman  Storm  Jean Grey  Hera  Mystique  White Tiger  Thundra  Sersei  Black Widow  Infact i can go on and on, and educate u.. But u seem set in your foolishness, so continue to play in the dirt of ur ignorance 
Between this, Captain Marvel, Black Widow and Bumblebee, it might just be a good year or so for female led action movies. 
 composer, and the first woman chosen to score a high-profile, live-action, superhero movie, Pinar Toprak joins the conversation as part of The Composer Roundtable presented by  at   
"Captain Marvel on spoke 33 words" lady and "superheroes shouldn't punch old ladies" woman... are they the same person or Pokemon evolutions of each other? Inquiring minds...
captain marvel previews also came on & I told my queen she doesn’t have to worry about me taking her to see it. she gonna say “it’s cuz a female is the lead?”. I love a smart queen.
Sometimes I just think to myself; "Wow...Doctor Fate exists in the same world as all these awesome heroes. Heroes like: Superman, Batman, Wonder Woman, Etrigan, Constantine, The Green Lanterns, Zatanna, Captain Marvel, Martian Mnahunter, The Flash, The Green Arrow and much more!
Listen imma say this once: I do not want Captain Marvel to have a love interest at all. Can she please be an independent fierce single woman? I need it pleathe
Brie Larson calls role as 1st ever solo female superhero 'surreal'  WONDER WOMAN CAME OUT LAST YEAR!!!    
Wonder Woman, Captain Marvel, Christine Blasey Ford. Sometimes the most heroic thing you can do is just step forward and speak your truth.
2019: Captain Marvel Shazam! Avengers 4 Inhumans Spiderman (Far from home) Joker Justice League Dark Justice League 2 Suicide Squad 2 The Batman The Sinister Six Wonder Woman 2 Xmen New Mutans Dark Phoenix
Black widow Avengers 4 Captain Marvel  Spider-Man Far From Home X-Men Dark Phoenix  Toy Story 4 Frozen2 IT Chapter 2 GOT season finale  Sequel to WonderWoman Hellboy Suicide squad 2 Aladdin  Stranger ThingsS3  Y’all my Alevels aren’t lookin bright next year
Why can't people be happy that Wonder Woman and Captain Marvel both have movies and not shit on either or for bad and lazy reasons? Lol
 the future is female and brie larson is our leader (bonus: me crying over the captain marvel trailer) 
I 100% agree. I strongly believe some MCU fans need the same wake-up call though. We all just want the same thing and not one side is better than the other. The Captain Marvel trailer was filled with comments about how it was gonna kill Wonder Woman. Why can't we have both? 
It Chapter 2 Stranger Things season 3 Avengers 4 Spider-man far from home 13rw season 3 Suicide Squad 2 Wonder Woman 2 Toy Story 4 Captain Marvel Star Wars Chapter IX Frozen 2 Game of Thrones season 8  2019 va a ser un buen año
Marvel literally announced Captain Marvel long before Wonder Woman was out but ok sis you can stay bitter  about this for no reason 
Whats with all this Captain Marvel hate? You can compliment Wonder Woman without putting Captain Marvel down. Can you at least wait till you watch the movie and then give your opinion. Y’all are giving DC stans a bad name. 
people who say black panther was only successful bc it has a black cast and say that captain marvel will only do good bc she’s a female are weak and won’t survive the winter
Seriously dude go away with all this false negativity and even of it was true who gives a fuck. At least Captain Marvel is bringing something fresh to the MCU and is a beacon for women of all ages. Hell she has me even more excited and I've loved her character for ages. Now... 
One of the best things that I saw in my entire life is that moment. In this photo I see an incredible woman winning the prize that she deserve. I hope see you again winning an oscar one day and I can’t wait to meet Captain Marvel  
- avengers 4 - star wars: episode IX - it 2 - frozen 2  - wonder woman 2 - captain marvel - the Lego movie 2 - Spider Man 2 - how to train your dragon 3
I'm with @GeeksGamersCom Gonna Skip #CaptainMarvel I won't support a NPC actor  I wait for the beautiful Gal Wonder Woman she passionate, Strong and a actor that loves her Role & Fan's   Link https://youtu.be/nuliL_D2Y_Y
It's still unclear to me who Captain Marvel but the way  describes her, as a woman who won't stay down, a woman who persists, has me all in. 
I like all superheroes. But I tend to grativiate more to the women ones. Like Squirrel Girl, Captain Marvel, Supergirl, and Black Widow. The list goes on. :) 
marvel nerds were so mad that Thor: Ragnarok was a lighter movie with humor & not so serious unlike its preceding movies but now y’all are mad that Captain Marvel, a woman, isn’t smiling 100% of the time in a movie that’s supposed to b dark n serious? SHUT UP
This is the tale of how one of the worst stories of all time helped influence the direction of  for many years while also leading to a rise of women in criticism and fandom.  
so in the past month alone i’ve read the life of captain marvel #4, the girls by emma cline, and watched lady bird for the first time so to say the least i have never felt so fucking connected to myself as a young woman
Captain marvel "So tell me about about this Cheetah Woman you had beef with"  Wonder Woman "Only if you tell me how you are going to defeat that giant purple talking ballsack" 
What gets me about this whole "Captain Marvel has to smile" ridiculousness is that I don't think anyone did this kind of stuff with Wonder Woman.   It's not like her trailers and posters were all smiley.
Lisa: Nini, I want to be a superhero. Guess my name.  Jennie: Wonder Woman? Captain Marvel? Invisible Woman? Catwoman?  Lisa: Na-uhh. yourwoman.  ctto. #JENLISA
Richard Meyer’s critique of Captain Marvel summed up (echoed in )  -There is a woman in it.  I get it. Literally every member of the opposite sex runs away from the guy (unless he is wearing a red tie). So he is projecting his prejudice.
Very excited to finally see a strong female lead in the MCU! Also still upset over @Disney firing @JamesGunn. #CaptainMarvel has served with the @Guardians. @Disney #RehireJamesGunn and give us the team-up we deserve!  @WaltDisneyCo @RobertIger @Kevfeigehttps://www.change.org/p/marvel-re-hire-james-gunn …
I'm all about girls seeing female superheroes like Wonder Woman and Captain Marvel, but idk ... Joey Potter, Mary Camden, Lucy Camden, Lorelai Gilmore, Rory Gilmore, Buffy Summers, Summer Roberts, Haley James, Brooke Davis, Peyton Sawyer and Felicity Porter got the job done, too.
A single issue, Avengers #200, had led to feminist analysis that helped effect change in Marvel continuity.  
It's fascinating watching the difference in reactions to Carol Danvers Captain Marvel (and other Strong Female CharactersTM) and Bowsette. The Captain Marvel books consistently fail to sell well, despite a massive and constant media push that THIS IS PROGRESS. /1
I'm convinced Disney put the "Captain Marvel punches an old woman in the face" scene into the trailer specifically because they knew it would turn into a meme
HAPPY 9th BIRTHDAY to Anna, who is already one of the most powerful women I’ve ever known. Like, seriously y’all; the world ain’t ready.  I’m SO proud to be her dad.     
Reasons to be alive: Avengers: 4 Captain Marvel Spider-Man: Far From Home Game of Thrones S8 Men in Black Spin-Off Star Wars: Episodio IX Godzilla: King of the Monsters Maleficent II Black Widow movie Doctor Strange sequel Wonder Woman 1984 Black Panther sequel Birds of Prey
For my money, there are 3 superhero origin films that will be hard to top:   2005's Batman Begins 2008's Iron Man 2017's Wonder Woman.  We'll see with   and  coming up.  And yes, Aquaman is an origin as he isn't yet who WE know he'll be.
Hello, I made a  coloring page for the little Captain Marvels in my life (because huh where can we buy female superheroes coloring books?). Sharing this with you all in case you want to print this out for your little ones (or yourself )  
Our next Jewish creator, Gene Colan. Co-creator of Blade, Falcon, the original Guardians of the Galaxy, Captain Marvel (Mar-Vell), & Night Force. Known for runs on Iron Man, Daredevil, Tomb of Dracula, Howard the Duck, Doctor Strange, Captain America, Batman, Wonder Woman, & more 
   Photoshopping  stills so she's smiling.  I love how  tells us that SJWs are whiny snowflakes who perpetuate Victimhood Culture but at the same time, they get triggered when a woman doesn't smile.
What's with the collective amnesia surrounding reporting on these? Some big outlet said yesterday that Captain Marvel was going to be the first woman led movie when Wonder Woman came out all of 15 months ago.  and then Black Panther and Blade
I can't wait for my little cousin to start watching marvel movies and be inspired and empowered by the female heros  captain marvel is going to be a big leap
captain marvel wonder woman 1984 avengers 4 spider-man far from home shazam! the crown s3 game of thrones s8 stranger things s3  2019 is really that bitch
Women’s presence in the superhero genre will continue to grow as studios find success with female-led movies like  and , say box office analysts:   
The amount of people who earnestly believe Captain Marvel legit socked an old woman are a reminder that we need a new plague.
Why did MCU wait until Wonder Woman’s success to move forward with Captain Marvel, why did MCU do CW as a response to BvS instead of following through with Cap’s actual sequel, why are all of these female led projects being announced by MCU after DC did it before them?  
If you're going to play the idiotic game of Captain Marvel vs. Wonder Woman 1984, at least have the spine to admit that now Wonder Woman 1984 has an even better chance at a billion in June 2020 by itself than Captain Marvel does in March 2019 a month before Shazam.
Girls don’t want boys they want the Captain Marvel movie and better funding, media coverage, and access to women’s soccer so awards voters can make informed decisions
However, I want to bring special attention to people pitting Wonder Woman and Captain Marvel against each other. Just like those that pitted Supergirl against Jessica Jones, you're being part of the problem. There can more than one superheroine. You're not helping. Stop it. 
Sorry folks, I know it’s a cool narrative to push that Marvel hates women and waited a long time for Captain Marvel, but these two shows are actually a thing. 
1. Batman  2. Black Panther  3. Wonder Woman 4. Deathstroke 5. Green Lantern (Hal & John) 6. Hulk  7. Hawkgirl 8. Captain Marvel 9. Flash (Barry Allen)  10. Dr. Manhattan 
Know who is a fantastic artist?  !! It was Dexter Soy's beautiful art, and  's profound writing that made me a true Captain Marvel fan. In fact KSD's Captain Marvel run made me re-think the way I view women heroes, & Soy made me see the power in Carol Danvers! 
There's a reason why #CaptainMarvel will be release in the International Women's Day. It is a very powerful movie that everyone IS A MUST WATCH.
Already been interviewed for two Norwegian news sites about  becoming the new Doctor (also Wonder Woman, Captain Marvel and the possibility of a female James Bond). It seems, after bringing  to Norway in 2013, I've become the go-to opinion on Who..
Carol Danvers and Jessica Drew go to a Halloween party. Carol, being a Star Wars geek dresses something Star Wars... and makes Jessica do the same. What do they go as?  #CaptainMarvel #SpiderWoman
This was pretty much expected in my mind.  The MCU is a super successful brand with a lot of consumer goodwill and a massive fanbase, it's also the first female superhero solo in the MCU, and yes I think the name Captain Marvel naturally helps market it as a Marvel property.
If you're watching the CAPTAIN MARVEL trailer and thinking, "A woman! On screen! As a hero! My f'ing head is exploding!" ... pop over to my house and I'll lend you my ALIENS Blu-Ray. Your head will ACTUALLY explode.
Great cover!!! Wonder Woman looks ultra ultimate BADASS with this full weaponized suit!!!! And damn, what a trio: Captain Marvel, Wonder Woman and Superman. Reminds me of the classic Justice Society power trio, Spectre, Doctor Fate and the flaming Green Lanter. Unstoppable!!! 
Captain marvel inspiring Wonder Woman. Man this is one of the most stupidest things I’ve ever read on Twitter from CBM community. I mean really.... really!!!!!! Some MCU people are delusional AF. 
Stan wasn’t problematic all the claims are false if he was sexist why would he make black widow or captain marvel hell there’s even aus where there’s female versions of the characters for God’s sake that he created
I'm so behind this. Marvel really need to take a serious look at their gender balance, 1 female lead to 3 male leads on Netflix? Not to mention the MCU being a total sausage fest. Can't wait for Captain Marvel but it's seriously late in the day. 
Wonder Woman and Captain Marvel were already 8 months apart.  Or are you trying to lead me to believe Captain Marvel would be number one in theaters for 8 months running and eat into Wonder Woman's opening weekend?  Seriously. Stop with the noise.
A flawless new art piece by . Two bad ass powerful woman fighting side by side. Let’s remember this whenever people try to put Wonder Woman and Captain Marvel against each other.  
Already started the rhetoric that was used towards Black Panther. It went from 'People like Black Panther because BLACK PEOPLE" to "Captain Marvel is being hyped/loved because female lead" Bish and? Y'all want anyone not Cishet mayowashed to be ashamed of their existence LMAO
2019 looks set to be another Superhero dominated box office offering, however it’s all going to be fronted by strong ass female leads.    
The answer to this is, we can & we will. I think studios used to believe that female lead superheroes were not really marketable, possibly due to popularity. But Wonder Woman shattered that belief & there are many more: Captain Marvel, Supergirl, Jean Grey, Batgirl, Zatanna e.t.c 
Today's Captain Marvel issue brings an important message to readers.  Marvel cant write women and think Carol Danvers isnt worth their time
หนังดี 2019  WonderWoman Frozen2 Spider-Man Sonic Spawn Jumanji Kingsman3 Toy Story4 MIB IT Terminator6 HowToTrainYourDragon Rambo5 AddamsFamily Shazam Alita NewMutants LegoMovie2 Hellboy LionKing Aladdin Godzilla JohnWick3 DarkPhoenix Joker CaptainMarvel Avengers4 Starwars9
1. Superman 2. Captain America (Steve Rogers) 3. Wonder Woman (Diana Prince)  4. Spider-Man (Peter Parker) 5. Supergirl (Kara Zor-EL) 6. Iron Man (Tony Stark) 7. Batman (Bruce Wayne) 8. Quake (Daisy Johnson) 9. The Flash (Barry Allen)  10. Captain Marvel (Carol Danvers) 
2019 CINÉFILO:  Hellboy  Glass The Lego movie 2 Cómo entrenar a tu dragón 3 XMen DF   Captain Marvel  Dumbo  Shazam  Avengers 4  Godzilla 2  Toy Story 4  Spider-Man: Far From Home  Once Upon a Time in Hollywood  It 2 Joker James Bond 25 Frozen 2 Wonder Woman 2 Star Wars 9 
Captain Marvel vs Wonder Woman 2  - The Truth about the Delay https://youtu.be/3zjX_tbWEVE  via @YouTube
Disney's Marvel Studios is set to introduce Captain Marvel, it's first female superhero lead, starring actress Brie Larson. The character is being described as being 'more powerful' than any other superhero introduced so far by Marvel. https://buff.ly/2zp2m4j
I just looked down and realized I’m wearing my Captain Marvel shirt under my DC Superwomen blazer and I would be annoyed by the mismatch, but I’ve decided it just gives me double the power.
 Movie on the Japanese website- “This is before the Avengers were formed. A mysterious woman descending from the skies into a video shop in LA. She was always bothered by flashbacks of memories she did not remember and she’s aiming for the secrets hidden in there..” 
Captain Marvel film in development years before Wonder Woman was being written >>>  Wonder Woman came out first >>>  I'm not gonna argue with someone who doesn't understand what was in development vs what came first. 
New study reveals young female fans feel more confident when they see onscreen heroes who look like them. Bring on more Wonder Woman, Captain Marvel and female Time Lords! Female hashtag  help young girls with self-esteem. 
I have to disagree. Some of the oldest and strongest comic book heros are women; Storm, Lady Luck, Black widow ( frm the 40s) , Miss fury,Dagger,Spider-girl, Cat woman, Bat girl, Captain Marvel, Jean Grey... comic book writers been inclusive,  some sexist (stories)but inclusive. 
【 CAROL DANVERS / / CAPTAIN MARVEL 】 ➤ Lewd and can be hung.  ➤ Literate and descriptive. ➤ Bisexual, small lean to women. ➤ Penned by: .  ➥ 𝐑𝐄𝐓𝐖𝐄𝐄𝐓. ↺ l 𝐇𝐄𝐀𝐑𝐓 𝐅𝐎𝐑 𝐀 𝐃𝐈𝐑𝐄𝐂𝐓 𝐌𝐄𝐒𝐒𝐀𝐆𝐄. 
Now I'm thinking about how the Avengers during the first half of the 80s was an epilogue service for dangling plots.  Spider-Woman, Project Pegasus, Starlin's Captain Marvel, the Eternals....
The first woman in history to be the lead in a Disney acquired Marvel movie set in the MCU about Captain Marvel. Never run out of firsts please, it always makes me laugh. 
History in the making:  is starring in , making her the first woman to lead a Marvel superhero movie 
I actually like diversity in my stories, I’m old enough to remember when Captain Marvel was a black woman. The problem  has now in particular is they have completely broken fans affinity to characters and stories, and tossed in a Trump-NAZIs as a parting gift.
A gear idea for  inspired by Captain Marvel. Since a ton of ladies started to make gears inspired by WW. for women's empowerment. Why not add Captain Marvel into the mix?  
Only Real Comic Book fans know that Captain Marvel vs Wonder Woman is debatable. And in some cases Captain Marvel will win.
We have so much comic book movie goodness:  interviewing Zachary Levi about Shazam,  explaining the tangled web of Spidey projects,  chatting to the directors of Into The Spider-Verse and previewing Captain Marvel, Wonder Woman 2 and loads more. 
If you're intrigued by the Captain Marvel teaser, watch the first time Samuel L. Jackson helped an amnesiac woman piece her badass past together in the utterly terrific The Long Kiss Goodnight.
2019 is going to be better. Already scheduled with more hopefully to come:  Miss Bala Frozen 2 The Rhythm Section Captain Marvel The Sun Is Also a Star The Kitchen Charlie’s Angels Queen & Slim Little Women 
  In Captain Marvel, a woman becomes one of the universe's most powerful heroes when Earth is caught in the middle of a galactic war between two alien races. 
She usually has good takes. This isn’t one of them. Not because it’s historically inaccurate but because it ignores the wave that’s happening with Wonder Woman, captain marvel, birds of prey and New Gods which looks like a Big Barda showcase. 
Blue Beetle and Booster Gold.  Captain Marvel and Spider-Woman.  Jessica Cruz and Simon Baz.  Green Arrow and Hal. 
Which do you consider to be the best female superhero? — miss america, silk, batgirl, lady rawhide, captain marvel, storm, COMIC scarlet witch, idk and many more i love girls https://curiouscat.me/thetigermoth/post/694282309?1541033388 …
I’m glad the little Madster is growing up in an era where her first princesses were Elsa & Anna, her first hero was Wonder Woman, she’s loving the new female doctor but she can also dress up as princess poppy from  trolls & a stormtrooper at the same time.
Who do you think is the best female superhero? — captain marvel or jessica jones https://curiouscat.me/regalevans/post/710381418?t=1542672173 …
I need set videos, photos, and promotional pictures from: Daredevil season 3, Aquaman, Avengers 4 (lol good luck), X-Men Dark Phoenix, and maybe whatever else you guys might think would work.   So far I've already got Captain Marvel, Spider-Man FFH, WonderWoman, and Joker.
I saw that whole series. In a similar thread about Captain Marvel he was talking about how men do dangerous jobs and women don't. My dude, you haft better things to do.
She's going to be in the first arc of Captain Marvel for sure, which is awesome. The question should be, what are the plans for her beyond that? Bc if they don't have any ideas, I have several. #SpiderWoman
Today I’m going to class because one day I want to own the house that every Batgirl, Wonder Woman, Captain Marvel, Jedi, princess and mini RBG go to for the good (aka king size) candy bars. #HappyHalloween
Two weeks until #MCMLondon if you see a Captain Marvel, Wonder Woman and Harley Quinn wandering around together, that'll be me and my group
Yeah it is a mistake because assuming all heroes were white men would mean you woukd have to ignore decades of mass media. I'm sure Brie Larson would like to pretend that Captain Marvel was never a black woman
Being upset that the TRAILER for Captain Marvel, a movie with a white female lead, having a black male character with more words is white feminism at its PEAK. There are better things you can do to help women than to sit and count the number of words a character has in a preview.
Gal Gadot’s Wonder Woman 1984 release delayed, Captain Marvel is the only solo female superhero film of 2019  
2019: - spiderman: far from home - avengers 4 - captain marvel - infinity war pt 2 - wonder women 2 - suicide squad 2 - it pt 2 - star wars 9 - stranger things s3 - chaos walking  - the goldfinch   ahah can’t wait
Funny how when a woman who looks like that tends to show up in a book is shamed like what they did in Captain Marvel when Carl looked at what she used to look like and scoffed.
People are afraid of horrendously shitty movies. As surprising as this'll be Melissa McCarthy is not the singular representation of women in entertainment and media.  I'd imagine  is going to do pretty well. 
it's funny that male marvel fans accuse women of liking marvel because we find the heroes hot yet here they are upset that captain marvel isn't smiling in the trailer, like that even has anything to do with the plot at all, yall just wanna jerk off to captain marvel smiling huh 
Holy shit, 2019 is going to be a giant year for movies.   The Lion King Wonder Woman 1984 Avengers 4 Captain Marvel Spider-Man Far From Home It Chapter 2 John Wick 3 Toy Story 4 How to Train Your Dragon 3 Godzilla King of Monsters AND Star wars IX
Believe it or not, Captain Marvel is not the first female action hero. And she’s definitely not the best. 
If Captain Marvel will going to be released on national woman’s day Loki’s series will be released  on 20th of May 
In honour of the release of the badass Captain Marvel trailer, here are author  's top 10 Kickass Women in Fantasy   
2019 Bomba gibi geliyor.   -Game of Thrones 8. Sezon -Stranger Things 3. Sezon -Avengers 4 -Captain Marvel -Wonder Woman 1984 -Spiderman Homecoming 2 -IT Part 2 -The Lion King -Star Wars: Episode IX -Anthem -Tom Clancy’s The Division 2 -Mount&Blade: Bannerlord 
 i've been waiting for a captain marvel movie since i was 13 years old (im almost 20) and we FINISHED got one! brie was born to play this role! and i'm so glad marvel found a captain marvel who's a superhero on and off screen. she fights for women and i love her sm 
I’m so excited that this Beautiful Woman   is going to be plying in Captain Marvel as a badass fighter pilot Carol Danvers 
Pinar Toprak is scoring . She's the first female composer to be chosen to score a high-profile, live-action, superhero movie   
OR Captain Marvel is her own character, totally unrelated to Steve Rogers, who happens to have "Captain" on her superhero name as well. Let female characters exists without comparing them to what you consider their "male" counterpart, you dumb fucklings. 
Stunning and brave Captain Marvel claims women live life on the defence because a guy asked her for her phone number. Another role model for female fragility. 
Reshoots of  are taking place by my apartment tn, I know its unlikely she'll see this, but I just want to tell  thank you. My favorite actress playing a strong, powerful, badass blonde woman named Carol, just like my mom, is something she would have loved
This is the woman y’all picked to be Captain Marvel? She can’t handle a man asking her for her phone number but she’s supposed to play one of the strongest characters in the Marvel universe? Jesus Christ  
I remember Captain Marvel being announced way before Wonder Woman had any impact lol I remember bc it got pushed back and I was so mad about it. But believe what you wanna believe
Desperate MCU fanboys trying to make Captain Brie relevant by claiming Wonder Woman 1984 moved to June 2020 because it's "running scared" from 'Marvel Studios' Captain Marvel' which would've released EIGHT MONTHS before WW84.... ? That's cute. 
People shitting on captain marvel just bc they love dc are pathetic imo. We get it. WW came before that and that's ok. No need to shit on people being excited for the mcu's first female lead movie. Celebrate women you idiots. Don't put them down.
Which do you consider to be the best female superhero? — I love Scarlet Witch a lot. But based solely on movies, Wonder Woman's was the best, but Captain Marvel will probably b… https://curiouscat.me/Deku_Fox/post/695270646?1541118289 …
Different eras, haircuts, costumes and names.  Same woman, fierceness, attitude and inspiration.   2018 Carol Danvers 50thAnniversary  LETS CELEBRATE WITH  OWNING THE  MOVIE and writer  writing the NEW comic in 2019!  ITS OUR MOMENT, CORPS!
Why the fuck did Captain Marvel punch that old woman so hard? She’s a fucking super human and put some fat meat into that punch. Blasted the old bitch into another dimension for no reason
Medyo crazy at risky if next year ilabas ang Darna. Sana maganda talagang playdate. Masyadong crowded for superhero movies. Avengers 4, SpiderMan 2, Shazam, Dark Phoenix, and Captain Marvel and Wonder Woman 1984, na both girls. May Alita: Battle Angel pa.
One thing I’ve never completely gotten about Carol/Captain Marvel is that for most of her comic life she’s been a fairly unlikeable character. Not because she’s a powerful, confident woman... but well, sort of because of the opposite of that. /1 
This three has more personality and character development than all of MCU's female characters combined. and they are no sidekicks or just love interests. But sure, Captain Marvel will revolutionize the female superhero films, lol. 
This is the tale of how one of the worst stories of all time helped influence the direction of  for many years while also leading in a rise of women in criticism and fandom. 
 This is a great idea for a lane name Mayor   - but let's see the MCC commission some talented street artists to colour this lane up with some real Warrior Women!    
You were responsible for some many things in my life. Marvel sparked my love of superhero’s at a very young age. From Spider-Man (every version) to Fantastic 4 to X-Men to now the Avenger and Gaurdians and Captain Marvel. You gave me strong female role models (1/3) 
In the Captain Marvel trailer, Brie Larson punches an elderly woman on a train! I sincerely doubt she's an advocate for that though! 
While I don't want a return to the state of female characters running around in Bikinis & High Heels; performing circus contortionism as a substitute for fight moves...I DON'T necessarily like the direction now where the new Captain Marvel looks like Data from Star Trek.  2) 
Captain Marvel:  V: She looks like that type of woman who loves gay men but is weirded out by lesbians.  Me: Seriously?  V: Yeah, look at her. You know brunches with gay dudes but makes snippy remarks about the lesbian server.  Me: There is no evidence to support that.   V:  
It doesn’t matter whether the job is intergalactic warfare or domestic care and emotional repair; this week in the Trailer Park proves that a woman’s place is in the the air, flying to save someone.    
.   and myself did this "Marvels" print for NYCC was knda sad no one seemed to recognize or Remember  C'mon guys she was the first female  and  the first black leader of the Avengers? 
Which do you consider to be the best female superhero? — captain marvel https://curiouscat.me/xwingking/post/695270031?1541118246 …
 My wife is an elementary school principal and is excited to show off her  costume for her students today - the  movie featuring the first female lead in 2019. A strong female role model dressed as a strong female role model. 
Grace....you really think Wonder Woman is worried about Captain Marvel?  they made a smart business decision. 
My next cosplay after MCM is done will be with the red, blue and gold Captain Marvel costume then after that hopefully I can cosplay my favourite MCU characters, Hope Van Dyne and Valkyrie (in her outfit that the Valkyries wore)! Such badass and empowering women and costumes! 
Captain Marvel doesn't currently have the cultural cache of Wonder Woman, but give it enough time and she very well might, writes  
Wasn't sure which female superhero to put against Captain Marvel. Thought about Batgirl, Batwoman, Black Canary, Starfire, Hawkgirl, Catwoman -- literally everyone. But settled on DC's high-flying, super powered blond heroine in order to keep in the theme of mirroring Marvel.
I love that they're make Captain Marvel a woman and retconning women into roles where they fit is a great idea, but more new female and LGBTQ superheros will be better in the long run
captain marvel who? i only know wonder woman — stop pitting diana and carol against each other u rats https://curiouscat.me/tnstarkss/post/661520300?1538752087 …
I'm here to support my girlfriend Brie on her upcoming movie Captain Marvel. Another strong woman in an universe I believed were for boys for most of my life. What a time to be alive. 
i love that Jessica Jones s2 came out March 8 and Captain Marvel is also going to come out that day because it's Women's Day  
2019 is going to be an Epic year full of entertainment..  Game of thrones S8 Hellboy Avengers 4 John Wick 3 Godzilla X-men Men in black 3 Spider-Man The Lion King Shazam Captain Marvel Wonder Woman 2 Kingsman 3 Terminator Frozen 2 Jumanji 2 Me Birthday Buhari/Atiku
1) The Flash (Barry Allen) 2) Green Lantern (Hal Jordan) 3) Batman 4) Nightwing 5) Jonn Jonnz 6) Wonder Woman 7) The Flash (Wally West) 8) Superman 9) Captain Marvel (Billy Batson) 10) Green Lantern (Gardner)
That's just silly.  And no brown?  My top 10 by hair color: Blonde: Captain Marvel  Black: Wonder Woman  Brown: Spider-Woman (Jessica Drew) Kitty Pryde Rogue  Red: Rachel Grey Jean Grey  White: Storm  Changing: Thor (Jane Foster) - Brown/Blonde She-Hulk - Brown/Green
I’m worried .. if Captain America hands over his duties to Captain Marvel, were gonna get a lot of toxic fanboys hating Captain Marvel even more and opening a floodgate of anti-women heroes because this would be their scapegoat reasoning for their antifeminist bs. Shit man.
Just as Wonderful Woman was last year, Captain Marvel is the first female superhero until the next first female superhero.  
happy birthday to the beautiful, talented brie larson. our one and only captain marvel  thank you for inspiring women around the world to find the superhero in them and empowering them to be the best versions of themselves that they can be.   
Women are directing 6 upcoming superhero movies for Marvel and DC:   Anna Boden ("Captain Marvel")  Ava DuVernay ("The New Gods")  Patty Jenkins ("Wonder Woman 1984")  Cathy Yan ("Birds of Prey")  Chloe Zhao ("The Eternals")  Cate Shortland ("Black Widow") 
50 years of history. It’s incredible to see how much  developed as a character, as a woman and a hero! Everything she went through, every adversity she overcame, made her who she is. She claimed her space as a respected leader and became Marvel’s premiere heroine! 
ok so final point, i think amatw deserved as much hype as captain marvel has been receiving (here me out) bc it introduced the first actual female superhero in her own lead film (even if scott was also the lead) and also a second female villain (especially with janet as well !)
...what's similar about them? Comic book based. Female leads... Space. What, is there a lot of fire in Captain Marvel or something?
In the theater after the Captain Marvel trailer the twink sitting next to me whispered 'Captain Marvel is a woman????'
the captain marvel hype literally lasted a week, we have to keep promoting our women and not just talk about them in the moment!!
Cap Neptune in 7H and be all means PLEASE get me in on a Wonder Woman movie or Captain Marvel   Or anything with Jason Momoa so I can meet the man of my dreams 
You can be you. That means you can smile or not! BOOM   via  http://time.com/5403533/brie-larson-captain-marvel-smile/?xid=tcoshare … #WomenKickAss #CaptainMarvel @captainmarvel
captain marvel: h- misogynists: how dare a movie be about a powerful woman NO WOMAN IS ALLOWED TO BE MORE POWERFUL THAN A MAN!!!!!!!!! FUCK YOU I HOPE THANOS EATS YOU, YOU DUMB WOMAN!!!!!
I knew it was just about Captain Marvel’s tits!  After months of unnecessary fuckery it’s finally accepted  comicsgate is simply about female characters guys can jerk off too  Well that’s sorted then. 
I remember sobbing watching WW & not knowing why ‘til I spoke to other women who’d felt the same thing: representation, elevation, hope.  I feel it again watching the #CaptainMarvel trailer.  These films are important & I cannot wait to see @brielarson bring it to the big screen.
Which do you consider to be the best female superhero? — captain marvel https://curiouscat.me/ghostlove/post/695263747?1541117797 …
Here’s some more 3.5” by 2.5”  ... Immortan Joe, Catwoman, Captain Marvel, and Frankenstein’s Monster are all available for $45 each.  Hit me with a direct message if interested! 
that captain marvel mood is one many women know. she doesnt have to smile and she doesn't even have to look badass. she just looks DONE.
um ok i’m super late but i wanted to join this tag bc it’s so wonderful & i love brie so much, she’s such & inspiration & i’m glad that an amazing woman is playing captain marvel !!! nothing but respect for our carol danvers !!
Can we make sure Dr. Ford gets invited to @wonderwoman or the @captainmarvel premiers? Like she's an actual superhero!  Not all superheroes wear capes but she deserves one for sure!!   #ibelievechristineblaseyford
My favorite part of the captain marvel trailer is when she inexplicably punches an elderly woman on the train
So if I’m counting right. We will have 8 CBMs next year? Dark Phoenix, New Mutants, Captain Marvel, Shazam, Avengers, Spiderman, Joker, and Wonder Woman 1984
On the one hand: waits for heckin    On the other hand: WHY should I HAVE to wait for heckin ?  Fuck it! WHY should I have 2 wait 2 whole years between kickass female hero movies?  Men bloody well don’t  *riots*  *pays for the damage*   
Watched the Captain Marvel trailer. Her voice seemed so bored and not commanding/strong at all. Her green costume looked uggo too.   I wish female actress would buff up a little for these roles. Her and Wonder Woman look like sticks. Where the thicc ladies at? 
Dark Phoenix Captain Marvel The Lion King Wonder Woman 1984  All in 2019. And 3 of them are being scored by Hans Zimmer. I won’t survive the year. 
So let me get this straight: -naturally blonde -smiles are rare -loves hitting up Blockbuster -looks great in a baseball hat -punches old women on public transportation  Am I.... Captain Marvel?
Thread of Peggy Carter, Captain Marvel, Wonder Woman and potentially other badass women I love. But especially my wife Peggy 
I don't understand this smile shit going around for Captain Marvel. She's not Superman. No one ever said anything about others not smiling, so why Carol? Wonder Woman barely ever smiled in any of the promo, so...  It's almost like there's nothing else to cling onto
I don’t apologize for asking the top general in the Air Force about a movie about an Air Force fighter pilot. Dudes can be pumped for Captain Marvel too. This isn’t a movie for women, it’s a movie starring a woman for general audiences.
Tapos ung counterpart ni Superman sa Marvel which is Captain Marvel sinave talaga nila for last na like when even the Avengers failed na haha also she’s a woman
Cannot wait to read #CaptainMarvel @79SemiFinalist  I'd read a solo Carol series regardless. But super excited to see one of my favourite Authors take the lead. And bring in one of my favourite characters #SpiderWoman
The Prodigy Avengers Captain Marvel STARWARS Wonder Woman2 IT 2 Joker How to train your dragon Shazam Escape room The Purge 
2019 is going to be crazy year for movies  - Captain Marvel - Joker - Aladdin - Avengers 4 - The Lion King  - Wonder Woman 1984 - Spider-Man: Far From Home - Frozen 2 - Toy Story 4  - & of course, Star Wars Episode IX to top it all off 
" We will be the stars we were meant to be "  It's such an honour to cosplay such a great and badass woman! Pic by Bruno Martin    Cosplay    FR  
obviously there are crackheads who would make ww being pushed back about captain marvel. y'all petty asf. y'all so threatened by wonder woman that much? HER IMPACT UGH!!!
Top 10 female Marvel characters more interesting than Captain Marvel and Jean Grey:  1. Rogue  2. White Queen 3. Psylocke 4. Mystique 5. She-Hulk 6. Storm 7. Gamora 8. Tigra 9. Lilith 10. Domino
WATCH LIVE: Join our “Morning Meeting” w/ ,  &  today’s topics: Latest tariffs in US– trade war; SiriusXM to acquire Pandora; Weight Watchers name change; Captain Marvel to be first female superhero lead  
Fuck   is just feminist and she was so disrespectful against stanlee's death and I won't be watching Captain marvel in cinemas also and Plzz  stop making shit movies like Captain marvel and when I saw the trailer the movie looked so lame . 
I tell you about this men they complaining  Brie Larson is not smiling in the Captain Marvel trailer .. men also constantly  complained  Hillary Clinton did not smile or her laugh was devilish .. for this men women has to behave the way men wants them .. guess what fuck y'all 
The fact that I’m so over excited about there finally being a female superhero lead movie (Captain Marvel) tells you how slowly our world, even in 2018, is progressing to the point where women are allowed to lead and make headway as individuals
#DarkPhoenix #CaptainMarvel #Wonderwoman can you say another white hero movie. #Yawn All the heroes are white blah blah yada yada ya. that captain marvel trailer sucks.
Moxie has been Wonder Woman and Super Girl for Halloween so far. This year we’re doing Captain Marvel.  But where are all the kids Captain Marvel costumes???  Do we risk waiting for them to pop up?
“What!? No! We can't beat up woman! That's Captain Marvel's job!  You know, she beat an Old woman? ”  Smh. 
Some men have a peculiar need to tell women to smile. It’s annoying sexist crap and even female superheroes have to deal with it  Brie Larson Was Told to Smile More As Captain Marvel. She Had the Absolute Best Response. - TIMEhttps://apple.news/AXqpwEngfQ06ezViIf074_Q
There's the Characters I want: Marvel - Captain Marvel  DC - Cassandra Cain (Batgirl)  The characters they'll most likely do: Marvel - Iron Man/Thor/Captain America  DC - Wonder Woman
brie thank you so much for liking my tweet. you have no idea how much you mean to me and how much captain marvel means to me. having a positive female role model out in the world is incredibly needed and i’m so glad it’s you. thank you for liking my selfies it made my whole week
I AM excited for  because it’s gonna show more female-led superhero movies are neeeded and Because Ronan the Accuser is back and he’ll likely be better developed here than he was in Guardians of the Galaxy. 
imagine if Captain Marvel, Wonder Woman And Birds of Prey all game out in the same year. They’d all be big af.
Speaking of female singers I just found out that Brie Larson who plays Captain Marvel was a singer!   Check it out:  https://youtu.be/-bvYRlv7XCw
I'd love to see  give us an opportunity to see a woman hep raise up another as Carol climbs. It's just BEGGING to be done.   
Captain Marvel is going to be a very important movie, apart from being a movie with heroin, it will exploit women in a profession that is dominated by men. We've never seen women being portrayed this way in the movies. This is a good time to live.  
why when the captain marvel trailer dropped y’all suddenly degrading men?? you say it’s feminism but that’s,, not what feminism is.. feminism means u fight for equal rights for men & women,, sis 
Thats our ! A smart and strong woman. It’s so inspiring to see how  is feeling empowered, fierce and ripped! PROUD!  “A strong woman is a woman determined to do something others are determined not to be done.” Marge Piercy
That's nice of them, but they've got nothing in my size, that I want. Wish they'd bring back the Captain Marvel shirt and add some more female stand-alone character shirts. 
When WW showed up in BVS people got excited because they saw a character who they’ve loved for a while come to the big screen. Captain Marvel has never resonated with audiences and the only reason she has fans now is cause she’s a strong woman in a marvel movie. 
Captain Marvel looks really dull I feel like if the trailer was exactly the same but it stared a man instead of a woman… — it’s one of the worst cbm trailers lmfao. BUT i still think it’ll be good. just a badly edited trailer https://curiouscat.me/razaazar/post/704294253?t=1541959828 …
5 favorite super heroes (no particular order) 1. Loki 2. Deadpool 3. Captain Marvel (Carol Danvers) 4. Nightcrawler 5. Wonder Woman
Wonder woman. Black widow. Shuri. Gamora. The wasp. Captain marvel. Jean grey. Scarlett witch. Invisible woman. Valkyrie. Elektra. Storm. Mystique. Star fire. Black canary. Hawk girl. Mera. Bat woman. Zatanna. Katana. Etc. Perhaps Women should support heroines by buying comics. 
MCU fans can't fathom an actual well-thought out story because they think the MCU is the Gold Standard  The MCU, who has TWO MOVIES that were knee jerk reactions to DCEU (Civil War which was BvS watered down and Captain Marvel which is Wonder Woman if it was a dumb idea)
While not comic book adaptations, it's interesting that all the CAPTAIN MARVEL "we never get female heroes" talk omits YA novel adaptations ... billions in revenue from TWILIGHT, THE HUNGER GAMES, DIVERGENT, etc. Plenty of female heroes (super or otherwise) to go around.  
Let's go ahead and reject the inevitable media narrative that only Wonder Woman OR Captain Marvel can rock. https://tmblr.co/Zw2K3y2dhwX6G
captain marvel who? i only know wonder woman — stop pitting diana and carol against each other u rats https://curiouscat.me/tnstarkss/post/661520300?1538181372 …
Twitter feminists ranted about Captain Marvel not talking much in the movie trailer but no word was spoken for Yazidi Survivor Nadia Murad winning a Peace Nobel Prize huh
This is really great . Lexi is the first woman to direct a Marvel adaptation & 9yrs later, when the article was published (2017), was still the ONLY woman. Anna Boden’s Captain Marvel and Gina Prince-Bythewood’s Silver and Black are coming soon! This is a GREAT read. 
I’m curious of what you think of this match up: Captain Marvel/Shazam versus Wonder Woman. I’m still going Wonder Woman, but I think it’ll be a tougher fight for her. 
I'm also acknowledging Brie Larson for playing the MCU's first female solo title role in Captain Marvel. 
Fascinating (although, dissapointing) insight. I wonder how many films directed by women are planned for 2019? Wonder Woman was recently pushed back, but there's still Captain Marvel, Little Women, Frozen 2 and Charlie's Angels.
Captain Marvel's kryptonite is being asked out? We...we need stronger female role models for little girls to look up to...
These days I find myself wishing more and more that we lived in a world of super heroes like Wonder Woman and Captain Marvel. We don’t so I’m eternally grateful the the every day wonder women who are trying to save us all.
The  trailer has now made over 1.5X what the 1st Wonder Woman trailer and 2.78X what the 1st Ant-Man and the Wasp trailer did on YouTube. Yeah, people can assume Ant-Man 2 numbers for Captain Marvel, but, I remain confident it can pull a  and do $1BWW.
Happy birthday to ! We're so excited for 'Captain Marvel' that we could punch an old woman* on the bus!   *If that old woman were actually some kind of invading alien in disguise of course 
2019 Final de GoT Final de TBBT Stranger Things Season 3 Avengers 4 Spiderman Homecoming 2 It 2 Captain Marvel Wonder Woman 2 El Rey León Toy Story 4 
Who else is excited to finaly see a MCU female lead female super hero film?! #CaptainMarvel Can't wait!
1. Please include a bathroom break intermission or that's just mean to post-maternity women 2. Head's up, I'm gonna need about 2.5 of those hours to be Captain Marvel 
My call to those to support  at the box office over International Women’s Day Weekend and it’s global run. 
I agree with Jahns here. People do not know who Captain Marvel is like they do Wonder Woman which is why I hate the "19 male led movies" argument and Marvel needed to hook us more than just "here's our big female hero!"  https://youtu.be/fENba3XhxUg
Got it, this old woman is the face of old Britain voting for Brexit and Captain Marvel the young intelligent saying wtf.  ?
The men complaining about Captain Marvel’s “expressionless” face are the same assholes who invade a woman’s personal space to tell them to smile 
The  trailer shows a woman getting knocked down, repeatedly, only to get back up each and every single time. In the end, unleashing her inner power.  If that’s mediocre, then I guess I don't know what real power is. 
As a kid I always thought Wonder Woman should be stronger than Superman, though she was never depicted that way. My logic was, Diana (at least in the Bronze Age) was stronger than Hercules. Captain Marvel had the strength of Hercules and was evenly matched with Superman, sooo...
Listen @KingKyro7 Shit-head How rude of you to say asshole! Quit Pitting #GalGadot and #BrieLarson against one another. These two women are their own #WonderWoman & #CaptainMarvel both fighting for equality and human rights they are both Humanitarians something you are not!!!
A new study reveals young female fans feel more confident when they see onscreen heroes who look like them. Bring on more Wonder Woman, Captain Marvel and female Time Lords! https://cnet.co/2yrM21k
i love that captain marvel is a thing because now marvel is actually gonna have to make toys/merch of a woman
Small brain: Captain Marvel punching an "old lady" is too shocking  Large brain: Punching an "old lady" is meant to be shocking  Galaxy brain: It's misogynistic to have a female comics hero doing something a male comics hero has never  Actual brain: Hellboy did it, u fools 
I explain what it will take for Captain Marvel to become Marvel’s Wonder Woman in this week’s  column.
White Women: Samuel L. Jackson has too many lines in the Captain Marvel trailer!!!  COME ON, MARVEL!!   Samuel L. Jackson: 
hmm, people are upset bc captain marvel didn’t smile in the trailer,, but they are mad bc thor was a happy movie? that kinda reminds me of those guys on the streets. ya know, those guys that tell everyone woman they see to smile?? what a coincidence
happy birthday to our one and only captain marvel, ! thank you for speaking up and standing for what you believe in. seeing such a talented and wonderful woman like you representing all of us really warms my heart. i wish you a lifetime of happiness
Mortal Kombat was a hit last night and we got to kick it with Wonder Woman and Captain Marvel at      
The Woman that Empowers Women and stole mens hearts around the world. But The Captain Marvel chick is....meh  
Rather than focusing on the fact we FINALLY have a female lead marvel film and embrace what’s to come, ppl are focusing on Nick Fury having more lines than Captain Marvel in a TRAILER!  Come on, people! 
filmes que quero ver em 2019:   spiderman far from home  wonder woman 84  vingadores 4  captain marvel  shazam  dark phoenix toy story 4  addams family  hellboy  como treinar o seu dragão 3  joker  shrek 5 lion king 
signs the Marvel Cinematic Universe will be rescued by women: 1) Captain Marvel 2) Shuri: has the soul stone data 3) Nebula: on Titan with Tony 4) Black Widow: still alive 5) Okoye: still alive 6) Valkyrie: still alive (accdg the directors) 7) this: 
Dear Brie Larson,  Your  is not breaking any barriers. The first solo female "Marvel" film was Elektra in 2005.  Sincerely, Marvel Fans 
Set to star in @Marvel's first female-fronted adventure @CaptainMarvel, and this year's @MaryQueenMovie - @Gemma_Chan reveals why she is turning her attention to busting cinematic stereotypeshttps://www.vogue.co.uk/article/gemma-chan-crazy-rich-asians?utm_medium=Social&utm_source=Twitter#Echobox=1540463159 …
@UnrealEntGaming Now that we're getting Captain Marvel, there's a good chance we will be getting Ms. Marvel (Kamala Khan) the first female Muslim. Super hero. Excited!!
Very silly.  1. Jean, Wonder Woman, Captain Marvel. Arguably, some of the strongest characters is comics history.  2. Would they force girls to read comics to even the audience?  3. The ratio of male superheroes to female is almost balanced and not unfair. [use X-men as example] 
5 Things I love (Today). Tagged by @sarahremywrites!  1—My socks. Captain Marvel! 2—Free lunch @ work 3—Nikki (who wanted to play this am) and Darcy 4—Bag Man podcast 5—Leaves outside  Tagging: @meinterrupted, @BishopMOConnell, @Mollshka, @energizerwoman, @etoiline
Captain Marvel is the 1st MCU prequel since Cap 1, their 1st Earth character exploring space (unless u count Quill), their 1st female led movie, and the 1st entirely new character since Doctor Strange  Has a lot of new/fresh things goin for it which is why im eager/excited for it
when will sweaty nerds stop being salty about captain marvel being a woman and that brie larson is playing her? misogyny is so last century. stfu
Kamala Khan.   Captain Marvel is my ultimate feminist icon, and Squirrel Girl is just more fun and emphasizes alternate ways of defeating foes.  But Kamala has replaced Peter as the ultimate geek icon.
I wouldn't mind more. Wonder woman is the only movie in recent years. And all signs point to captain Marvel being as bad as Ghostbusters
captain marvel is making me - a woman- finally feel strong and powerful and that’s why i love her so much 
Fellas I get it. We’ve been programmed since birth desiring to live in a world where pretty girls smile at us. It makes us feel good. However each us should challenge that. We have to reprogram ourselves to let women be who they want to be- not wish fulfillment  
I always try to dress as an empowering female for Halloween, so this year was a no brainer- can’t wait for  to hit theaters!!  
They are a peaceful people, but I am a woman of war. If you move against them,you move against me. I am willing to die here today, for this cause. I have made my choice... Now you make yours.       ♡
A few Captain Marvel headers to celebrate the female excellence of the day!! Please RT if using/saving!! 
The Creator of Mavels super heroes  Thor….Super Man,  Green Lantern… Spiderman …Iron Man… Captain America  Captain Marvel, Ms Marvel Incredible Hulk, the Xmen, Submariner, Wonder woman, Fantastic Four, Silversurfer, BlackPanther, DareDevil, Batman aquaman   Stan Lee is dead 
Captain America (leader) Captain Marvel (co-leader) Spider-Woman (stealth, surveillance) She-Hulk (heavy hitter) Spectrum (energy, synergistic) Blue Marvel (science / tech / heavy hitter) Ms. Marvel (being groomed as next gen leader)  (Ignore the fact that there's three Marvels) 
Data suggest that young girls feel more confident when they see on-screen heroes who look like them, so bring on the Wonder Woman, Captain Marvel, and more! 
Ever think the reason women don't consume comics is because of lack of female superheroes to look up to? Notice how Black people got excited for BP? Notice how women got excited for Captain Marvel? Notice how many thinkpieces et al it has gotten? 
I shouldn't be shocked that there are losers out there trying to pick fights about how the Wonder Woman film will better than the Captain Marvel film. As if there can't be two good things simultaneously. I'll never understand some people's intense desire to pick "sides." 
Disney: Hey, ABC. Can you do us a favor and make the headline suggest we gave the world the first female led superhero movie, but have the correct headline in the article, so there's plausible deniability? *hands over check*  
Watch:  as Iron Man... is Mystique... is Invisible Woman.. is Hawkeye.. is Captain Marvel.. is Black Panther.. is Captain America.. is Captain Canada..  
in this house we respect and love wonder woman AND captain marvel, two strong and independent female superhero leads who finally get their own trilogy instead of pitting them against each other every chance we get
Vans – Unisex-Adult SK8-Hi Shoes, Size: 5.5 D(M) US Mens/7 B(M) US Womens, Color: (Marvel) Captain Marvel/True White 
captain marvel makes me feel strong and powerful and proud to be a woman that’s why i love her so much  
1. spider-man (peter parker) 2. wonder woman  3.robin/nightwing (dick grayson) 4 .the flash (barry allen) 5. winter soldier (bucky barnes)  6. black canary  7. captain marvel (carol danvers) 8. kid flash (wally west) 9. black widow  10. batman 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://youtu.be/DnGOsM2drdc?a  Brie Larson VS Gal Gadot Training For [Captain Marvel vs Wonder Woman]
Not sure what made me laugh more: the idea of #WW84 "rebooting" the DCEU or Wonder Woman 84 moving out of 2019 because of Captain Marvel?
he was captain marvel before but not anymore, there's only one captain marvel and her name is carol danvers, brie larson gets paid to be "moody" also she promotes something called equal rights for women and yes men are in fact weak 
 and . Both their origins are tied to the Kree. Both have been part of The Avengers. Both are powerful, assertive and multidimensional women. Both should appear on a  film, together.   Please make this happen,   
the fandom after hearing people (mostly mans) talking shit about captain marvel just for being the first movie from marvel with a woman as a protagonist  
Grace Randolph is a moron. Pass it on.   Wonder Woman 1984 Backed Down to Captain Marvel? Come on... https://youtu.be/Y7FgoA2J3gk  via @YouTube
So Captain Marvel is basically Man of Steel with a female lead? I wonder if critics of Zack Snyder will spit all over MARVEL for the same reasons they didn't like MOS? It's nice to see  colors accepted in Superhero films again!
Wonder Woman is a 100x more famous and a 100x more iconic   Wonder Woman is a  A list character   Meanwhile Captain marvel is a Irrelevant C list character
Compare that with the trailer for Captain Marvel ... Which, I mean, isn't bad, but is so satisfied with itself. WE'RE GONNA HAVE THE "HERO" FADE INTO A "HER". Even though, y'know, it's like the twentieth of their movies and the only one to have a female lead and director ...
1a. Captain Marvel (Carol Danvers) 1b. Wonder Woman 3. Thor (Jane Foster) 4. She-Hulk 5. Spider-Woman (Jessica Drew) 6. Rachel Grey 7. Storm 8. Kitty Pryde 9. Jean Grey 10. Rogue 
Jess: Are you sure youll be alright? Carol: Im not sure of anything Jess, except that I feel that this is something Ive got to do Jess: Still got your back, Kirk  Spider-Woman is KM_Caroline (Insta) Photo by     
2019 is the year of women. we are going to have the movie of captain marvel, dark phoenix and wonder woman, three powerful and strong female characters are going to lead those films. i love how this sounds because we are finally getting what we deserve
2019 MOVIES:  Godzilla King of Monsters Spider-Man: Far From Home Avengers 4 Shazam Wonder Woman 1984 Toy Story 4 Captain Marvel The Lion King John Wick 3 AND THE FREAKING JOKER MOVIE  2019 WHAT THE HECK DONT BE DISAPPOINTING PLS
someone on ig just said that captain marvel is the worst mcu character just because brie larson is a feminist does not mean that shes awful sweetie
The only one in your list that has development is Wonder Woman. You sound like such a salty bitch. No one said Captain Marvel will revolutionize female superhero films, stop reaching. Have you even seen a single Marvel movie? We need to support ALL female superheroes. 
Captain Marvel doesn't currently have the cultural cachet of Wonder Woman, but give it enough time and she very well might, writes Rob Bricken 
some people are really naive to judge that captain marvel punched an old woman and how she doesnt smiled a lot on a 1:56 minute trailer with out knowing its context oof i have to laugh 
- wonder woman - batgirl (stephanie brown) - batwoman - supergirl - the atom - captain marvel - shazam - valkyrie - batman - nightwing 
#CaptainMarvel is releasing on #InternationalWomensDay and if that doesn’t punch you in the feels I don’t know what will
Sad I didn't hear anything about Jessica Drew at NYCC but still stoked that @79SemiFinalist is writing her in the first arc of #CaptainMarvel #SpiderWoman
Im a  fan for 21 yrs. You can definitely have your faves but you can never diminish one in order to put the other on a pedestal. That goes against everything my Carol ever fought for- empowerment Sure  too. In this house we don’t pit women against women
idk what's worse the wonder woman stans acting like there can only be one standalone female superhero movie out there or the black widow stans who ignore captain marvel cause their uwu natasha didn't get her standalone movie first
I think there's actually a *lot* going on with the "Captain Marvel only has one facial expression" thing, but one of the big things is: these dudes have never in their lives felt the need to learn how to read a woman's expression.
‘Captain Marvel’ Composer Breaks Superhero Glass Ceiling as Scoring Diversity Lags. In the past 11 years and out of 1,100 films, only 1.3% of composers were female. Pinar Toprak is the first woman to score a high-profile Marvel movie.   
the captain marvel trailer was released 125 years after new zealand women finally won the right to vote  that’s incredible. 
@heyjenbartel are you going to put the captain marvel and wonder woman print in your webstore after NYCC? i'm lowkey dying to add it to my collection
I saw a Captain Marvel —> Wonder Woman plot twist... Kinda pissed, I go to their page. In their bio, they so eloquently state: “FVCK MARVEL!” ahhhhh okay makes sense
Captain Marvel and Wonder Woman join forces to deliver your donated comics to the kids at OTMH.      … https://www.instagram.com/p/BqBdgFmj_ch/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=1134hp70foid4 …
In 2019 im definitely Going to say this #RIP my Pocket Money..   Because of them..!!   Captain Marvel Spiderman Far from home Avengers 4 Joker Wonder Woman 2 X-men Dark Phoenix Shazam  The new Mutant Hellboy
Just who is Jude Law playing in ? And what exactly are the Kree? We've got all the answers you need. Here's everything you need to know about Marvel's first solo female superhero film:   
Once we get a first look at Batwoman, I wonder if the USMA will tweet about it like the USAFA did for the Captain Marvel trailer. I hope so.
Bounding into Comics just linked to my Captain Marvel white feminist so I'm going to preemptively lock for a bit since that sort of site's focus usually leads to harassment.
instagram mcu stans only care ab scarlet witch, black widow, and captain marvel because their good looking (and any other female hero) and honestly im over it
Kate Bishop x Batgirl (Babs)  Captain Marvel x Wonder Woman Donna Troy x X23 (I think this would be epic)  Daredevil x Batman 
Remember when The Wasp created the Avengers or when Monica Rambeau was the first black woman to lead the Avengers (and the 1st female Captain Marvel) ? Marvel robbed us, yet white women prefer to complain about the number of words Nick Fury says in the Captain Marvel trailer. 
White Feminism  is getting pissy (and implying that the trailer isn't feminist/doesn't bode well for the film's feminism) because Nick Fury, a black man, has more lines in the Captain Marvel trailer than the titular character...
Set to star in @Marvel's first female-fronted adventure @CaptainMarvel, and this year's @MaryQueenMovie - @Gemma_Chan on how she is busting cinematic stereotypeshttps://www.vogue.co.uk/article/gemma-chan-crazy-rich-asians?utm_medium=Social&utm_source=Twitter#Echobox=1541004391 …
I promise I’m gonna see Captain Marvel but in all honesty, it looks like Captain America: First Avenger only a woman and in the 90s with young Sam Jackson. I’m excited for Captain Marvel but more because of the tie-in to Avengers 4 more so than the actual character.
I deleted the other tweets bc I thought you referring to Captain Marvel . Anyways, scarjo whitewashed what should’ve been a role for an Asian woman, nearly took another minority role that belonged to someone who’s transgender, and although she claims to be a supporter of the-
|￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣|     Wonder Woman isn’t     the most powerful DC       superhero, Captain               Marvel is.  |＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿|                  \ (•◡•) /                    \      /                      ---                     |   | 
When I started reading comics (age 7), the only woman headlining a book was . Now/lately: , , , , ,, , , , , probably others I've missed. Nice to have so many choices.
Who Is  Part 2! https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/who-is-captain-marvel-part-2-monica-rambeau-capes-lunatics/id934541187?i=1000423754714&mt=2 … .@Nightwingpdp and @CharlieEsser discuss the story of the first earthling and woman to use the name Captain Marvel, #MonicaRambeau! #Avengerspic.twitter.com/AV4PxP5eWK
2019 gonna bring us Dark Phoenix, Captain Marvel, Wonder Woman 1984, Charlie's Angels, and Aladdin. Am I missing any? Idk but 2019 is gonna be the year of the females and I'mma be a broke bitch. 
I’m all for more female lead films. Can’t wait for Captain Marvel. But regardless of what gender the cast is that doesn’t mean it can’t ALSO be a good movie.
"She’s just not demonstrating the three expressions they care to look for in a woman - namely, expressions that show she’s soft, feminine and interested in their opinions. Because she’s not. She’s Captain Marvel, motherfuckers, and she’s got shit to do."@brielarson #captainmarvel
I just found out that the first captain marvel was a black woman named Monica Rambeau who lost her name to a white man who then gave the name to a white woman .  
they did this with wonder woman tho and the same with captain marvel and they're still saying the same about batgirl solo. i don't wanna say the misogyny jumped out but...the misogyny jumped out 
Which do you consider to be the best female superhero? — Captain Marvel. https://curiouscat.me/mariahmaligayaa/post/694282360?1541033392 …
 was opening in November 2019   opens up in March 2019  There was a FUCKING 8 month gap between these films. Lmao  Why do people listen to this woman? 
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/DnGOsM2drdc?a  Brie Larson VS Gal Gadot Training For [Captain Marvel vs Wonder Woman] 2019 - Who is
The Chameleon takes on the appearance of an old woman to taunt Spider-Man…but when Spidey beats him up, everyone else sees him punching an old woman! I mean, why would a superhero ever punch an old woman?!?    
WHAT A YEAR 2019 will be for us!  played by , half directed by Anna Boden (with Ryan Fleck), with a huge female team of screenwriters AND the  book written by  and her female team of   
I’m excited for Captain Marvel... but the trailer makes it look like It’s a Green Lantern remake with a woman. Which would still be terrible.
Just had a interesting chat about international woman’s day  (Because of captain marvel) and got asked if there was a international men’s day so I looked it up.  I didn’t know this, so  so that people know.
The Star has been added! Captain Marvel is official now. Haha. The belt is done too! Just gotta add a hem and collar then the top is finished!  ____   cosplay  @thewomenofmarvel  …  
i say this because im talking to my friend about captain marvel rn and he keeps saying how happy he is that marvel opened doors to women protagonists. i stan him 
People are mad online because in the trailer for the female led, female written and directed movie "Captain Marvel", the male narrator says exactly 34 more words than not the narrator  
So, the person who edited the Captain Marvel trailer to make her smile more also has countless tweets saying men need to step up and "take women's rights away" because "women are only as bad as men allow them to be" and ... also says they're a lesbian trans woman?
1. Superman 2. Martian Manhunter 3. Wonder Woman 4. Green Lantern (John Stewart) 5. Captain America (Steve Rogers) 6. Spider-Man (Peter Parker) 7. Batman 8. Captain Marvel (Billy Batson) 9. The Flash (Barry Allen) 10. Cyborg
Which do you consider to be the best female superhero? — captain marvel. even if i don’t know her. i know it. I CAN FEEL IT. https://curiouscat.me/cinnamon_hope/post/694238290?1541030531 …
I ship Captain Marvel and Wonder Woman. It's a good match because Diana has a thing for Air Force pilots.
there are 3 types of marvel stans 1. twitter stans with weird kinks 2. casual fans 3. white guys who hate captain marvel and call every female character feminist propoganda
Wearing Wonder Woman socks and captain marvel sneakers bc in this house we support both powerful female superheroes
to clear this up. my tweets were directed at the really extreme tweets that were literally acting like captain marvel is the first female hero to ever be introduced. not the ones about her being the first solo mcu female lead bc that is incredible and does deserve so much hype.
The greatest female superhero!!! #CaptainMarvel @MarvelStudios @captainmarvel  Marvel Studios' Captain Marvel - Official Trailer https://youtu.be/Z1BCujX3pw8  via @YouTube
Oh.   Dawn of Justice - Civil War Wonder woman - Captain Marvel New gods - Eternals Aquaman - Namor Birds of Prey - an all female movie 
While the Sexual Predator takes a pee break, I watched the Dark Phoenix trailer again, the Captain Marvel trailer AND the No Man's Land scene from Wonder Woman (2017).   That's how you get hype.  I'm ready.  Let's burn it down, ladies.  @KamalaHarris you should try this.
2019’da vizyona girecek filmler:  Star Wars: Episode IX Jumanji 2 Terminator James Bond 25 Wonder Woman 1984 Joker Zombieland 2 Once Upon a Time in Hollywood Hobbs And Shaw Charlie’s Angels John Wick 3 Detective Pikachu Captain Marvel X-Men: Dark Phoenix Glass Hellboy
Next year:  • #GameOfThrones S8 • #StrangerThings S3 • #CaptainMarvel  • #InfinityWar part 2 • #DarkPhoenix  • #WonderWoman1984  • #JessicaJones S3  All the good things next year
I’ve really want a Captain Marvel/Wonder Woman crossover so I decided to do something a little different & make my own plus add a Wayhaught twist (because I can!)    FanArt    Do NOT repost or steal.
Just finished my first draft of my proposal for my dissertation. Main focuses are the Marvel Cinematic Universe and how they write female characters from 2008-present, Captain Marvel and her place within Marvel and lastly how fans receive her character! Super excited!
China has won the world teams championship, the women's world title, the women's and men's Olympiads and even a rare double gold at the same event. There is virtually only one infinity stone missing (the men's world championship) but for that one they might need a Captain Marvel. 
All 3 of these Marvel 2019 movies could surpass $1 billion at the box-office.   Captain Marvel is the 1st female lead MCU movie. Avengers 4 is the follow-up to Infinity War. Spider-Man: Far From Home includes the title character, who's very popular.   Marvel just does not stop. 
How many series does Marvel have (currently running or solicited already) that are solo female-led?  Shuri Ironheart Black Widow X-23 Captain Marvel / Life of Captain Marvel Jessica Jones Ms. Marvel Squirrel Girl Domino Spider-Gwen Moon Girl & Devil Dino Unstoppable Wasp
Oh shit! Then it's not even a fight it's gonna be a beat down. Wonder Woman and Super Girl with fuck Captain Marvel and Jean Grey the fuck up.
I got it. Male suppression is a Wonder Woman movie after they made 9 Batman movies. Male suppression is a female Captain Marvel movie after 20 marvel movies based on male heroes. Male supression is Ocean’s 8 and the female remake of ghostbusters. 
Maybe because men were considered superior and they believe male superheroes will help gain more widely recognizable. We now have Captain Marvel, Wonder woman and so on
A lesson in what? Waiting 26 movies before giving a female the spotlight? Changing the female villain into a man for toy sales. You wouldn't even be getting Captain Marvel were it not for DC schooling. 
