just spent the last hour and a half trying to carve a captain marvel pumpkin only to fail twice because I ain’t michaelangelo 

It's going to be really stupid when that Captain Marvel movie sucks and we have another one of those fights where we pretend everybody who doesn't like it is a misogynist dickweed.  Or maybe it will be good.  That trailer was pretty bad though.

Ever wonder how  star  and other big-screen superheroes looked before they were able to fly (or drive?)  

I CANNOT HANDLE THIS MUCH EMOTION FROM A CAPTAIN MARVEL, I WASN'T READY, It's new and foreign to me   


Fun fact: the Blockbuster they used in Everything Sucks is the same one in the Captain Marvel trailer.  Fun fact: there's only one Blockbuster

[ Whats the plan?] [Hit them hard and fast] [ I like this plan]   Book Bound Costuming and Cosplay (Facebook)        Cosplay

My most anticipated movies of 2019:  1. Avengers 4 2.  3.  4. Spider-Man: Far From Home 5. Joker 6. The New Mutans 7. X-Men: Dark Phoenix 8. Captain Marvel 


Vice preview followed by Aquaman followed by CaptainMarvel followed by Glass followed by Dark Phoenix? #CreedII is already the best movie of the year before it has even started!

So it's CAPTAIN MARVEL Vs WONDER WOMAN 1984 Vs X-Men DARK PHOENIX in 2019. The Ladies are here to Rule next year  

That moment you realize that next year we're getting:  March: Captain Marvel  April: Game of Thrones  May: Infinity War 2 July: Spiderman Far From Home 

“Little girls will see  as  and be inspired that someone just like them are saving the [world],” says Jack Bird from  about what the upcoming movie will mean for the startup ecosystem.   

Some films I wanna see at 12am if they’re on a Weekend:   Captain Marvel  Dark Phoenix Avengers 4 Guardians of the Galaxy 3


Avengers & Captain Marvel thevaiyaa ippo  They are all 7000+ Cr Grossers Da...  Don’t spoil the Dignity.. 

Captain Marvel - March 8th Shazam - April 5th Avengers 4 - April 26th Aladdin - May 24th Spider-Man: Far From Home - July 5th The Lion King - July 19th Star Wars: Episode IX - December 20th

The Captain Marvel trailer wasn’t really all that but people need to have faith in Marvel. They never failed to impress.   Besides a few movies we don’t talk about

If you want a one-stop shop for all things CAPTAIN MARVEL starting ⁦⁩, here’s a handy guide I wrote to bookmark and revisit.

2019 is gonna be huge for film/TV  Super stoked - Captain Marvel  - Avengers 4 - Spider-Man: Far From Home - Game of Thrones finale season  - Lion King remake  - It Part 2 - Star Wars IX - Toy Story 4 - Zombieland 2  - Terminator 6

Mary Marvel, ice skating.  Art by Mahmud Asrar.  Reminds me of when Captain Marvel, who didn't know how to skate, learned to skate professionally in seconds. 

It appears very likely that Lee's presence will crop up in next month's "Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse" and March's "Captain Marvel." https://buff.ly/2PuAtlg

my timeline is so empty and I’m looking for new mutuals! rt/like if you stan  - thor/chris hemsworth  - loki/tom hiddleston  - scott lang/ paul rudd - captain marvel - doctor strange - thor : ragnarok  - tony stark - basically anything marvel or mcu related


Supposedly Disneyland Paris is going to be the first to get Captain Marvel as a face character so that's now my dream job cuz I'd get to see my girlfriend every day (in this context my girlfriend is not Carol, but in fact the life size dragon that lives under the castle)

Some comic book stories are just stories. Good stories, but just stories. Some stories "make history." In Doctor Who, they are referred to as "fixed points in time."  The Life of  3 is one such fixed point. I've re-read it many times, goosebumps each time. 

 Trailer Reach 1M likes within 7 days..    Now, it's a 3rd Hollywood Film Trailer Reach 1M likes behind only   & 

Avengers4 Detective Pikachu John Wick 3 How to Train Your Dragon 3 Fruits Basket Reboot Hellboy  Glass Shazam! Captain Marvel  Dumbo Kingdom Hearts 3 Young Justice season 3 Avatar the Last Airbender(skeptic but excited)  Infinity Train Umbrella Academy    We don't deserve 2019

" in a hand to hand, no powers fight, MAYBE. but you are saying a fight. As in, everything both of you can do. Clint, you are one of the most amazing avengers I ever saw, but even you must realize that trying to take on captain marvel like this is insane"

 released today 's comics prequel and it gave us some interesting info about what happened with Fury and Hill before and during Infinity War. Check out the thread:

captain marvel | you should see me in a crown -EEEEEK im proud of this -im so EXCITED - queen -ac; plotwistaudios on ig -cc; cxndycxm

1: well Captain Marvel comes out in March  2: That ones the girl! I want to see that too! Who’s the girl in Ironman who kicks everyone’s ass? Ugh what’s her name.. ummm umm  Me [about to finally intervene]: B-   2: Dark Widow! She’s so badass 

People are still talking about all those sexist men asking #CaptainMarvel and #BrieLarson to small..OMG the hate is just too much...I had to respond. LEAVE BRIE ALONE! HEAR ME ROAR! (Dear Lord do they know how they sound?) #CaptainMarvelTrailer #smilemorehttps://youtu.be/MHrLsC7Z7oY

Crazy dc (fawcett at the time) had captain marvel before marvel changed their name to marvel and then made their own captain marvel and then later made dc change his name from captain marvel

the captain marvel trailer was so cool, when it transitioned from "her" into "a hero" i frickin mclost it  i cant wait 2 watch

Yeah, most of us were wrong. 'Marvel Studios Website Officially Reveals What Year CAPTAIN MARVEL Takes Place'    

Okay am I losin it or do these makeup brushes look Captain Marvel inspired?   (should I get them? I shouldn't get them but y'all see it right??) 

Looks like  could be so powerful to break records in March that it scared Toothless and Hiccup to move up to the last week of February to release their final chapter of their story in the movies: https://deadline.com/2018/09/how-to-train-your-dragon-3-everest-dreamworks-animation-1201864844/amp/?__twitter_impression=true ….  @ManaByte @DoctorRagnarok @OrangeGrove55


Our basic plot is that the Avengers need to move after the FAA tells the Avengers to get out of Manhattan and are looking for a place to set up shop. It's an opportunity for Captain Marvel to throw some nice shade on Detroit, which has totally gotten way better since the 80's. /2 

Everyone hates me but I'm genuinely going to be so disappointed if Captain Marvel kills Thanos. Nebula or Gamora would be great picks, even the both of them together. Even Iron Man, Cap. America, Thor cause we've been with them for years & it's their final curtain.... Idk man.

Captain America gets underrated in a way that Captain Marvel also gets underrated, and that's in this area:  Stamina.  Both Captains Marvel and America could outlast ordinary humans easily. And even though Bruce is exceptional, he's not on that level.

Men are very concerned that the Captain Marvel teaser trailer does not include the all-important scene where she says that she will go out with them.

There's a RUMOR that there's no Hawkeye or Hulk in the first teaser. Banner yes, but you don't  see anyone dusted or anything you didn't see in Infinity War; except for Scott Lang and maybe Captain Marvel. 

Toad gets done dirty, the bullshit of "boys being boys," America's wrong-ass lust for killing looters, and manbaby tears over Captain Marvel.  Welcome to The Pressing Issues of Our Time (Plus Dick Jokes). 

Admitting  isn't  in many ways is a concession. The reality is the  died when  Comics closed, after that, all of what has been done are interpretations and approachs to the original character, this is the painful truth.

Who is the Captain Marvel of Universal Horror? Find out tomorrow on Plot Device’s Halloween spooktacular! 

ah shit I just realize we’re gonna be getting a “in memory of stan lee” at the end of captain marvel

Being reminded that she has said/believes that, it’s now so surreal that we were actually hoping she’d be  at one point.  

   { I̴c̴o̴n̴i̴c̴ T̴i̴t̴a̴n̴s̴ }  Who will Rise~? Who will Fall~?  丂卂ᐯ卂Ꮆ乇 vs C͙a͙p͙t͙a͙i͙n͙ M͙a͙r͙v͙e͙l͙ Promotion Must Read 

Your Mann At ’s picks o’ the week: Thor #6 (  ), The Life Of Captain Marvel #4 (   ), Weapon Hex #1 (    ) & Marvel Zombie #1!

For a limited time in 2019, Disneyland Resort guests will have the opportunity to encounter Captain Marvel herself! http://bit.ly/2DqE3pb

"High above the noise and confusion of the city she stands. Her form aglow with power beyond man's wildest dreams! She is... Captain Marvel !” 

Much more often than not, the original Captain Marvel and Billy Batson were clearly established as separate entities, but that's not to say there were no inconsistencies.  In a few cases, Billy Batson has considered himself and Captain Marvel to be the same person. 

fuckin SAME. she's irritating. i was so mad when she got picked for captain marvel  marvel fanboys are so in love with her tho so anytime you say anything bad they get so pissy and pull out the "she's an oscar winning actress" card

I wanna see you all wearing something #CaptainMarvel on the premiere! You have to take a pic and tag me and Brie. You have around 5 months! GO!

Captain Marvel doesn’t have to smile for you — she’s too busy being a badass, too, and stopping aliens from devastating the planet she calls home.  Captain Marvel will be released on March 8, 2019.    

2019 will give us:  -Aquaman -Captain Marvel -Shazam! -Spies in Disguise -Avengers 4 -Marvel's Men in Black -Kingsman 3 -John Wick 3 -Lego Movie 2 -Star Wars IX -Frozen 2 -IT 2 -Toy Story 4 -Angry Birds 2 -Annabelle 3 -Jumanji 2 -Charlie's Angels -Joker -The Addams Family

Guys! Captain Marvel is going to Disneyland Paris next Summer! Are you excited as we are?           

i hope whoever made the decision to go from HER to A HERO in the captain marvel trailer is having a good day

 VIDEO ON  FOR THE PAST 2 DAYS, BEATING ALL RECORDS,  BEATEN BY     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zI-Pux4uaqM&feature=youtu.be …

Carol Danvers did not actually gain superpowers through exposure to an alien device known as the Psyche-Magnetron in an accident related to Marvel’s first, male, Captain Marvel. #CaptainMarvel Via (@THR )

So I decided to read all of DeConnick's Captain Marvel run and Captain Marvel just punched a shark with another shark. 

I'm a lifelong geek, who writes about geeky things for a living, but I'm still not so jaded that when I go to a movie theater and see a poster for a Miles Morales Spider-Man movie right next to a Captain Marvel movie, I still gotta take a second and go "is this real life?" 

Semana en tráilers: Captain Marvel, Joker, Halloween, First Man, Beautiful Boy, Beale Street, Girl in the Spider’s Web 

Here is my way of saying "Thank you" to everyone for being so amazing and supportive of all my posters and artwork. This  picture can be downloaded down below and if can use it any way you want (header, profile picture)!  https://www.dropbox.com/sh/ek5ugzygfnasjw8/AAAt1ZatkS636TSeS-czAU9ja?dl=0 …pic.twitter.com/UOQnnEGK5G

I love Target regardless but I love it even more since they play the Captain Marvel trailer on repeat pretty much all day.  

on @YouTube: Biggest Reveals From Captain Marvel Prelude Comic | Explained in Hindi https://youtu.be/T-jpQxJ5ahk

After the Captain Marvel trailer date leaked five days in advance, the ninjas are working overtime to keep people quiet. 

if calling aquaman a rip off the worst think you could say about mcu fans then theres nothing to worry about, im not even going to start with all the bullshit snyder fans throw to brie larson for just not smiling in the captain marvel teaser...

  in the ArtistAlley. Stopped to look at his Black Panther and Storm prints, stayed for the Captain Marvel sketches.   

A short teaser for my  trailer breakdown. You won't like this short teaser for my  trailer breakdown. 

I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/hrph9Jem4a8?a  Captain Marvel PRELUDE and Avengers 4 Trailer RELEASE date (தமிழ்)

I'm proud that my two sons' reaction to the Captain Marvel trailer was "that looks awesome!" - no mention of gender, no "but that's a GIRL movie" - just reacting to her as another cool, powerful hero. It really gives me hope for the future.

That  ....so good.  Well...I am sold on my top 5 movies to see in 2019.  1. Dragonball Super:  Broly 2. Avengers: Infinity War Part 2 3. Toy Story 4 4. Captain Marvel 5. Detective Pikachu  ;] 

It's going to be Avengers"Assemble.  Think about it.  That's the catchphrase of the Avengers and it has never been said.  But this next movie would have all the big names +Captain marvel and black panther. Even GOTG.  So basically. All Avengers are assembled.  Avengers:Assemble.

This is why I am perfectly fine seeing  be pushed back for a better slot.   We have no shortage of great Comic Book movies coming out.        

Finally watched ant-man and the wasp today ...ion know much about captain marvel but she better fix this shit..nick fury called her for a reason

•  for  2015 Vs 2018 •  I saw the trailer thousand times and I love it more every time <3  Did you enjoy it? What do you think?  :  

“Shazam!” Happy Saturday!!    (This is a picture I had autographed by Jackson Bostwick who played CM on the 1970s TV show!)


Captain Marvel was Nick Fury’s Avengers Plan B, new Infinity War prequel shows https://tmblr.co/ZTnQJw2dm7RYf

I'm already so in love with captain marvel and with Brie larson, like, the film isn't even out yet and captain marvel already owns my ass

Let’s keep Spider-Man: Far From Home, Avengers 4, and Star Wars: Episode IX. If I could choose another it’d probably be Toy Story 4 or Captain Marvel 

Tumblr — TOP20 "Week in Review" (Sept. 24th):  1. @BTS_twt 2. Boku no Hero Academia 3. The Dragon Prince 4. Marvel 5. Captain Marvel 13. Jungkook 20. Jimin  #TheSong #PCAs #IDOL

remember when I first saw the captain marvel pictures that came out in september and I thought “that cgi looks so good how’d they make fury have two eyes” love that dumbass energy


Many don't realize it, but Captain Marvel can fly faster than the speed of light making him as fast(or faster) then many so-called "Speedsters"    

"it's a special time in a young man's life when he joins the carol corps. stanning captain marvel is a serious commitment, wesley." 

Check out my episode "The SCI-Philes Podcast Mark 38: Captain Marvel" from Rotten Corpse Radio on @anchor:https://anchor.fm/rottencorpseradio/episodes/The-SCI-Philes-Podcast-Mark-38-Captain-Marvel-e2gnqj …

Captain Marvel.  Aside: I’d love for a writer to take Gilgamesh and Makkari and show how awesomely powerful they are.

“I know it's a mistake, before my feet leave the ground, I know. But the nature of my magical thinking is such that I believe, truly believe, that I'll get away with it. Because I'm special. Because I'm me.” Art- #1 2019   

I’m gonna try to get a copy of  3 and 4 as well as the  Prelude comics this coming weekend again. Emphasis on the word “try”, since the store clerks for the lone comic book store near (4hrs away) my house repeatedly denied to sell me copies.

Pants will ALWAYS look weird on dress forms but hey CAPTAIN MARVEL PANTS!  Gotta add the waistband now. I’m gonna be waiting on *hopefully* more images from the movie before I work on the boots and anything knee down on the pants. MOVING TO THE TUNI…  

CAPTAIN MARVEL | TEASER TRAILER BREAKDOWN & EASTER EGG - * R.I.P STAN LEE *: http://youtu.be/WAv_wzMf_pk?a  via @YouTube

I have a pitch! I call it "Captain Marvel's Days of Christmas" which would be a one-shot series. each one involving Billy improving someones Christmas.

I keep watching the captain marvel trailer over and over again because I’m so exicted for the movie and it gives me goosebumps everytime UGH CAROL COME SOONER

Captain Marvel Avengers 4 Doctor Strange 2  *Inhale & exhale*  JUST TAKE ALL MY DAMN MONEY I WON'T REGRET IT,I CAN'T CALM MY ASS DOWN SKSJDJSK

I wish I got the same feeling for the Shazam! movie that long-time Aquaman fans got when they saw today's Aquaman trailer.  That's exactly how I longed to feel when seeing Captain Marvel on the big screen. 

Alternate version. Didn’t post this yesterday because the colors came out WAY too similar to my Okoye piece, but what the hell. I like it.  is gonna be  

//Characters I would dress Nana as for halloween  .Captain Marvel .Ryuko Matoi .All Might  Thats it I dont want her to skimpy...shes needs to be respected.

I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/JJpheSW9wTE?a  Avengers Captain Marvel Origin Revealed! Why Did Nick Fury Wait?

I can't wait for the scene where Captain America and Captain Marvel meet, and Tony or someone will be like "but he's the Captain" and Cap will be like "not anymore" because Cap is a good boy.

A kind of a PSA:  Ever since I closed down my Captain Marvel Talk! account on Twitter, I’ve had a few people inquire about my artistic availability.  I’ve turned them all down, even a paying gig.  Truth is, Windsurfer is the focus, which means I’m not available. 

Jude Law’s role in ‘Captain Marvel’ is still unconfirmed, so who do you think he’s really playing?  

Thread re: "Capt. Billy's Whiz Bang." How a midwestern veteran's post-WWI bawdy humor mag—named after an incoming artillery shell—paved the way for clean-cut characters like Billy Batson and Captain Marvel. ("SHAZAM!") 

Please please @OriginalFunko when will the captain marvel funkos be released? I know it’ll be in a few months closer to the release date but you know..... what about earlier

BRIE LARSON’S “EMPOWERED” SULK LEADS CAPTAIN MARVEL TOWARDS DISNEY MCU’s FIRST BOX OFFICE FAILURE? https://youtu.be/uIiEGxwMtJk   New videoooo

And I thought Captain Marvel smashing that old lady in the gob was going to be the best troll shot featured in the climactic moments of a video this year. Amazing job understanding Australian football culture from Saatchi & Saatchi. 

Happy !  Any guesses for 's cameo in the new ?! I hope he is in one of her childhood flashbacks, at the Go-Karts. I got AWESOME  pics from  thanks to the  booth! More to come.....  

The Legendary Super Saiyan   3rd (final) version of this piece, wanted to add a little binary.   Hope you guys have a great weekend! 


OH YEA at the movie earlier the boy erased trailer played and then the captain marvel one right after and this was this old white guy a few seats down from me that i could just feel the Man Rage radiating from it was amazing

ME LAST NIGHT: OMG I'm so tired after Halloween. I'm gonna take a long break from sewing. ME THIS MORNING: I bet I can make that Captain Marvel costume. Look, a 50% off coupon! Guess I better get that fabric.

Shazham! Robotnik tries the Captain Marbot, based on ‘Captain Marvel’ comics, from Archie’s ‘Sonic The Hedgehog’ Issue #8.  

Still kind of floored that Brie Larson went from being The Au Pair and Abed’s girlfriend to Oscar winner and Captain Marvel in like...3 years?

I can’t wait for all the anger and salt with Captain Marvel, Avengers 4, & Spider-Man Far From Home...

You inspired me every single day and you always support us to be whatever we wanna be. Thanks for all and for being Captain Marvel in the screens. Made our dream.   Happy bday Mama! 

Rest In Peace, for he lived an amazing, fun filled life being a joy to watch, from Iron Man to Captain Marvel. Thank you for your smile, and most of all, YOUR AMAZING CAMEOS. 

It’s  News 8th Anniversary and YOU will get the present!   International GIVE AWAY! TWO Entertainment Weekly issues feat  !   Just follow us, like and RT this tweet to get the chance! TWO lucky winners will be announced this Friday, 16th! 

"Geez Stacy, i heard of people hitting the Gym but this is beating it to a pulp don't ya think? Totally need to drop the macadamia's for that Captain Marvel Routine..." 

'Captain Marvel' is set some point between August 1995 and 1996. I know this because this man, a friend, is a lunatic and connected a LA transit map to Blockbuster's rebranding. 

WE are LIVE on another edition of Talkin' Tuong with special guest  talkin' about     and  https://www.facebook.com/podcavern/?ref=bookmarks …pic.twitter.com/k8gsOyUwH2

A Marvel comics writer opened up about why Nick Fury called Captain Marvel at the end of Infinity War  


Maybe Taylor Swift would Star in a marvel movie as a marvel hero. (Role switch) Taylor Swift is Captain Marvel.

Now, this is what I call a cool  coming your way. Spiderman needs to drink more milk! He's no match for Ronan. Hey Spiderman, throw in a few vegetables for good measure. LOL Gotta Love it.       


So excited about these  x  Black Panther Hi-tops. Still trying to track down the Captain Marvel ones. 

Huge Congrats  on your  win for  ! So lovely to meet you and so well deserved. All the very best with your upcoming adventures!   

ooh! I finally saw the aquaman, captain marvel, and full spider-verse trailers too!! Aquaman looks actually very cute, I am excited to see Carol do some punches, and THE SPIDERS-MEN ARE GOING TO MAKE ME CRY SO MUCH

I am so thankful for Richard Kajan Brown and his art.  I love his drawings of me with Jonathan Belle as Supercousins, Justice League allies, and his solo art of my Captain Marvel. Thanks for adding another to the family. Keep putting your art into the world. It matters. 

Why do you even post such rude posts in the first place when Stan Lee is a respected figure. Hope they recast Captain Marvel. 

I’m making my brain stay awake at night now worrying about how I’ll have to find a cinema when I’m in Tenerife or Lanzarote so I can see Captain marvel and avengers 4... in English as well and not get it spoiled for me 

I don’t fuck with the Hierarchy, but @BlacklistUno and I shared a Captain Marvel related fistbump tonight.

Movie Culture: Animated 'Captain Marvel' Trailer, Alternate 'Avengers: Infinity War' Ending and More 

the captain marvel trailer except instead of nick fury knocking on that phone booth carol’s in, this is thor pulling up to the blockbuster she landed in 

New character alert! From March when season of heroes returns captain marvel will make her first appearance at Disneyland Paris! 

#SarkarTeaser 4 Hours YouTube Record   9M Views & 988K Likes.   Blast All Existing Record's both Hollywood (Captain Marvel)

Matt Fraction/David Aja/Annie Wu's Hawkeye Marjorie Liu's Black Widow Kelly Sue DeConnick's Captain Marvel Fantastic Four (Fraction/Bagley/Allred) Bitch Planet Sex Criminals Hawkeye: Blindspot And that's just what I can think of off the top of my head. 

 by .  I think she goes by  these days, but who knows?   has had at least 3 characters called Captain Marvel.  And the REAL Captain Marvel is now .  Confused?

John Cena the guy seems pretty nice and all that jazz.   Has he ruined the WWE? Well depends. If you don't like him? Probably. Even I got kind of tired of him (still respect him n stuff tho) after so many years.  I wanted him to be Captain Marvel (Billy Baston)

Of all the creators to ever work on ,   put the most personal experience and the most Carol Danvers-inspired determination to turning her around.


Shouldn't we maybe hype up Into the Spider-Verse instead? Or get the A4 trailer?? Or even the second Captain Marvel trailer??? 

Congratulation  FASTEST TRAILER TO HIT 1M LIKES IN THE WORLD  ZERO - 18Hrs.  InfinityWar - 21hrs.  ThugsOfHindostan - 3Days.  CaptainMarvel - 7Days.  Venom - 12Days.    54Mn24Hours

@Regran_ed from nomoremutants  -  lucio_parrillo_art dropping so serious heat with The Cosmic Ghost Rider and The Silver Surfer!!    comics… https://www.instagram.com/p/BqYei5lHKBC/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=zpxtky1zqh7l …

139 Days until Captain Marvel.   195 Days until Avengers 4.   258 Days until Spider-Man: Far From Home. 


#MCU Schedule as of 11-19-2018  Captain Marvel: 108 days * Avengers 4: 164 days * Spider-Man Far From Home: 227 days  * I fully expect this date to be moved up a week!  Proposed name for Avengers 4- Avengers: Night Of The Returning Dusted.

 moving to 2020 Realistic me: avoiding a crowded 2019, not directly competing with , taking time to get things right Cynical me:  is gonna mess with this one, too. Damnit. Hopeful foilhat me: ... they have the perfect window to 

Captain Marvel Trailer Analysis. Brie Larson is as stale as the cheese she's named after! http://youtu.be/5suQNQ-L_do?a

Mirablé my bought on line Captain Marvel unitard looks...really good. Pictures once I rip the palm seam so I can get my hand out of the attached glove while it’s on.

Really looking forward to Marvel's Captain Marvel! The trailer was pretty cool. But a question for Marvel fans. Is Captain Marvel really going to be more powerful than Thor in the movies? I keep reading that but I have a hard time believing it. 

I just saw this new Captain Marvel trailer late last night. Wowwww. I can't wait to see it in theater's. :) #CaptainMarvel #yougogirl

marvel1980s: Captain Marvel by Norm Breyfogle  Marvel Fanfare #57 RIP Norm Breyfogle  https://tmblr.co/ZcHxBv2cEupVj

: Release the  trailer. That will shut the peasants up. Us: Cool...still want  back Tho.  : Uh...Loki and the Scarlet Witch are getting a series! That's cool, Right? RIGHT? Us: Neat.... please.  and  :

If I was in that half, and whatever Captain Marvel does to get the glove off him and use the time and reality stones to undo it, I’d be fucking furious. 

With artist Gene Colan:  Captain Marvel, (Mar-Vell, the male Captain Marvel)  Marvel Super-Heroes #12 (December, 1967) 

An official Disney website has finally confirmed that Captain Marvel is set in 1995. Until now, it had only been confirmed that this film was set in the 1990s; this gives a first concrete sense of where Captain Marvel should be placed in the MCU timeline…  

Is the  really immortal? Read this issue to find out... Immortal Hulk #8 | COMIC BOOK UNIVERSITY   via        

Has anyone edited the Jodie fall g out the TARDIS with the opening of the Captain Marvel trailer yet, they'd match up beautifully :-)

The captain marvel teaser has reached 1 million likes on YouTube! It is the second marvel movie to achieve this behind infinity war!   


So @DCComics, please utilize your very own sorcerer supreme. Let him help fix all the problems, the heroes of DC Universe have. Let him battle demons and corrupt sorcerers along side other magic users. Let him fight cosmic beings with Captain Marvel, and aid the JL. Please!

Update: brie Larson posted these on her Instagram story. I just want you to know I’m so blessed to now be one degree removed from captain marvel.

#CaptainMarvel official trailer. #BrieLarson #MCU debut with plenty of action but not too much revealing. Good, there will be something to wait for! Before it hits theaters in March next week, #stream the best shows with #TrickByte!http://snip.ly/m6zb6c


 Legends Lot comic New Custom  Captain  DC Universe Loose 6"   Ends in 5h  Last Price USD 32.99  https://rover.ebay.com/rover/1/711-53200-19255-0/1?icep_ff3=2&pub=5575211678&toolid=10001&campid=5338065555&customid=&icep_item=192717863180&ipn=psmain&icep_vectorid=229466&kwid=902099&mtid=824&kw=lg&nordt=true …pic.twitter.com/T5nG8OXP3F


what if we watch captain marvel in the 90s then the end credit is her getting the call. then it fades and we think we will get an epic scene or whatever for the next scene. then we see her standing there and then she fades away as she tries to go and help

Sometimes when I finish a workout I immediately feel like Captain Marvel, only to watch Instagram videos of her actually killing at the gym and come back to reality. Constantly in awe of  and her strength!


HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!! You and mini  (Anna) are almost exactly 20 years apart (she turned 9 last week)! We hope you have a stellar day    

For my money, the Batman: Brave and the Bold version of Billy Batson (and Captain Marvel) would get that honor.

i have no makeup on so please ignore that but i needed to show off my new captain marvel leather jacket 

Literally all I see are MCU fans bashing WW to build up Captain Marvel as if she has no merits of her own which you'll ignore because I have seen you do it. Not only that but CM wouldn't be possible if not for WW's success. Even Feige who you worship admitted itm

What I want for the DVD release or 3-minute long post credits scene/playing during the credits is a recreation of a 90's Power Pop song that feels like Captain Marvel. Like Levi & cast in supersuits recreating the Buddy Holly by Weezer or Friends of P music video

They threw the Aquaman trailer in between the Captain Marvel and GLASS trailers. Needless to say no one gave a sh*t about a DC film

I keep having the #CaptainMarvel trailer pushed at me, both at Instagram and by Google alerts. Normally I would've watched it several times by now, instead of just once, but these are not normal times. @MarvelStudios ain't getting more clicks from me until the Gunn mess is fixed.

Brie Larson GOING OFF on trolls telling her that Captain Marvel should smile more is my new religion 

Today's reading: Marvel Super Heroes #12, the first appearance of Mar-Vell! I'd been meaning to catch up on the history of Captain Marvel since the movie is coming up. 

can i just clarify this is in no way me saying that the hype for captain marvel is too much or anything like that. i fully support and agree with the hype. i’m super hyped. i just felt like some tweets were a bit extreme, just looking for clout, overlooking our previous heroines

“Daughter of Hala by bloodright and by starlight” needs to go down in history as an iconic Captain Marvel line. 

It’s already November. That means we’re that much closer to 2019. Which means we’re that much closer to  & 

After such a  experience with #crimesofgrindewald I am worried about the other movies I’m excited about. It never occurred to me #CaptainMarvel or  #Avengers4 would be lacking, but I never though they’d ride the wizarding world off the rails, either.

   THE MUSIC IN THE CAPTAIN MARVEL TRAILER IS “LUMINOUS AND UNSTOPPABLE” COMPOSED BY ‘ALEXANDER DMITRIYEVICH’ 

The Captain Marvel we'll see on the big screen owes a lot to writer Kelly Sue DeConnick. Her take on the character: "Captain America gets back up because it's the right thing to do. Captain Marvel gets back up because 'f*** you.'" http://huffp.st/ikbKik7

In 1988, Captain Marvel (Carol Danvers) appeared in Fantastic Four #316 with Fantastic Four http://marvelexplorer.github.io

Avengers 4, Star Wars Episode 9, Godzilla, IT Chapter 2, Toy Story 4, Captain Marvel, live action adaptations of Dumbo, The Lion King and Aladdin, Terminator 6, Jumanji 3, Hobbs & Shaw, etc.  2019 is no doubt gonna be one of the most EXPLOSIVE years in cinema history!! OMG!  

It looks like a ton of fun. Charzard and Greninja look amazing. Rebecca who co-wrote Guardians and Captain Marvel as well as Alex Hirsch are doing the script.

We’ll miss you too, , but your last issue was incredible, & I’ll be one of the 1st to pick up your  with  (I may have already let my son know this was happening - he loves Captain Marvel and he’s one of ’s biggest fans).

Years ago, mysterious bonding between a super hero, a human and an alien machine. Mar-Vell and the Psyche-Magnitron gave Carol Kree powers - but that's just the story you know. The truth is out there. Order Life of Captain Marvel #4:  

I remember this day so vividly, god and here we are about to get the Captain Marvel movie in the corner of the screen 

I got T’Challa a lovely mobster car and then Captain Marvel stole it out from under him and broke it!

Just watched the Dark Phoenix leak again and yes ladies Captain Marvel is quaking in her ugly little boots! 



WIN! Critics and fans love “The Life Of ”!!! Issue 3 JUST HIT THE SHELVES WITH A MAJOR MAJOR REVELATION! Pick yours now! Congrats 

In 2009, Edwin Jarvis appeared in Mighty Avengers #30 with Captain Marvel (Carol Danvers) http://marvelexplorer.github.io

Since Captain Marvel is finally relevant here’s a really LQ cropped image of my Captain Marvel cosplay from like 2015??? and was my first ‘proper’ cosplay 

1. Barry Allen should have stayed dead 2. Mar-Vell is the better Captain Marvel 3. YJ is the best Teen Titans cartoon but a terrible Young Justice cartoon. 

Those thinking otherwise are playing themselves.  Nick Fury stays doing the absolute most. I didn't see anybody else faking they own death, paging Captain Marvel and knowing what was up before up knew what was up. 

It looks like the  cast has gathered to do some reshoots! See the brand new set photos of Brie Larson and Clark Gregg: 

My birthday is in this  poster  I'm officially Cannon in the MCU and I will NOT hear otherwise!!!! Thanks for posting  

The burger challenge is over and now it’s time for Captain Marvel to take her lumps. You voted and selected ‘Tickle Tortured by a Clown’. Now you decide how!   Poor @CarolD_MsMarvel   Have fun and RT!

Happy 29th Birthday to the wonderful Carol Danvers - our soon-to-be  in the , as well as a talented actress and all-around beautiful person: ! Hope you have a great day.   

#Marvel #CaptainMarvel #Avengers4  How about this for a curveball? Whilst Carol Danvers aka Captain Marvel will be in the film, she will not take part in the battle that takes down Thanos! Why? She wasn't the first time around.

That’s my point — I’m old. I remember all those costumes. You ever tried running in a bustier and heels? It was preposterous.  And finally, Black Widow in appropriate fighting gear, and now Captain Marvel. So happy.

STORM IS MARVELS WONDER WOMAN NOT CAPTAIN MARVEL! (Not a hate tweet btw, but storm holds more weight to be marvels First Lady than Carol just my opinion)! They need to give Storm a solo series! 

:  Marvel Studios Captain Marvel Prelude #1 The Adventurous Uncle Scrooge McDuck #2 Peter Parker: the Spectacular Spider-Man #312 Vault of Spiders #2 

THE NEXT BEST PICTURE PODCAST: Episode 109 - NYFF, Current Oscar Predictions & The “Stan And Ollie” Trailer w/ ,  &    Listen Here -         


If you believe Feige was going to do Namor without DC doing Aquaman you need to wake up. He wasn't going to ever do captain Marvel without WW being successful either. With that said.   DC would've never done an expanded universe if it wasn't for Avengers.    It goes both ways.

After #CaptainMarvel and #InfinityWarPt2 we won’t see @TheRealStanLee in no more cameos   FEELING: pressed

hi! i’m a new marvel stan acc and i’m looking for mutuals. rt or fav this tweet if you stan: - sebastian stan - mcu in general - bucky barnes - captain america - captain marvel - iron man - spider-man - loki - jessica jones - daredevil  (please follow back )

Not an origin story? We don't buy it.  The Captain Marvel trailer hides her complete MCU origin in plain sight - and makes it essential to the story.   

 : Pinar Toprak hopes that gender was not a factor in scoring : "Before this film, I scored 40 feature films. I've been in this town for 20 years... I've been studying music since I was four years old"  …

Scenes and panels from “Captain Marvel” - great and small - that have stuck in my mind all these years. The Bronze Age title was all over the place, but when it was sharp it was very memorable. From Gene Colan to Gil Kane to Jim Starlin there was great art throughout. 

NOW | This hour on  w/ : - WADA lifts ban on . - The latest on Brett Kavanaugh. - Friends of the  Loki and the Scarlet Witch have landed their own gig. - Will the call for  save the day? LISTEN: 

“Why does captain marvel hit that grandmother?” -Viv  “She’s an alien, in disguise...” -me  “The aliens are in disguise? That’s confusing...”

It’s the FIRST trailer and most of the MCU fans know next to nothing about Captain Marvel. And NONE of us know anything about that actress or her spin on the character.  It makes perfect sense to have an established character to narrate the trailer

My attempt to draw an on-model Captain Marvel in my style. How he might look if I ever drew his book. 

When Captain Marvel got a hair cut and a sports bra & Richard Meyer lost his ability to maintain an erection, I tried to console him by pointing out that Storm & Black Widow went through the same thing in the 80s, before the SJWs. He just sobbed and called me a fake fan. 

"NICK FURY... HOW I COULD USE YOU NOW!" With Hawkeye off her mind... BLACK WIDOW'S thoughts go to Nick Fury. But don't worry, Clint... she only likes his BRAIN and his COOL quality!  "The Moment of - the Man-Slayer!" CAPTAIN MARVEL #12 (1969) Arnold Drake, Dick Ayers, Syd Shores 

"Zoe, you need to write some clickbait for Captain Marvel."   "Why?"   "Because that's the world we're in."   "Seriously? Can't we just watch a popcorn movie?"  "We need ad revenue. Poke the Goddamn bear. FIND. SOMETHING. Bait them."   *sigh*  "On your desk in the morning." 

ALL-NEW  talking , , ,  and  (the movie) is now available on the  podcast channel! Find us on , ,  or wherever you pod.


YES! CAPTAIN MARVEL Star Brie Larson Has Signed Up To Star In SEVEN Marvel Cinematic Universe Movies     

And tomorrow...  ITS CAPTMARVELNEWS 8th ANNIVERSARY      and the Carol Corps get the present!   STAY TUNED!    

what if the end credit scene for Captain Marvel is Nick contacting her during the dusting from Carol's point of view????

imagine being so iconic as mckenna grace who played young carol danvers on mcu and dressed up as captain marvel for halloween 

Brie Larson depressed boring face is around the web during award shows, red carpets and un her movies. We notice it in Captain Marvel bc CM it's not Room 

4) Plus, set photos from the Captain Marvel reshoots, some Roald Dahl news, what's to come on Black Lightning, and more:  

I really hope tjey eventually do the Inhumans right. Maybe with the MCU cosmic and Captain Marvel introducing the Kree into the movies they can reintroduce them. Before they were just usong them in place of mutants. Now they can grow the mythology. @Webhead2456

me too dear. i cant wait sharing the movie with all of you! be patient! it will worth the end. you may wait for the captain marvel first

New set photos of young Phil Coulson from the ‘CAPTAIN MARVEL’ reshoots have been released. (Source:  )

A true legend lost such memorable creations. I can certainly say that when that “In memory of Stan Lee” comes at the end of Captain Marvel and at the end of Infinity War part 2 I will cry a lot 


Some of Stan Lee’s co-creations:  Spider-Man X-Men Iron Man Thor The Hulk Black Panther Ant-Man Fantastic Four Doctor Strange Hawkeye Daredevil Black Widow Nick Fury Inhumans Captain Marvel S.H.I.E.L.D. Avengers Magneto Doctor Doom Green Goblin  #StanLeeForever #RIPStanLee

“So Captain Marvel shows up out of nowhere, Punches a old lady in the face and gets away with it, but when I punch a old lady in the face, Jameson says I’m a menace that needs to be taken down...but then again he says that all the time”

"You have like fifteen alternate code names, anyway, Monica-Photon-Pulsar-Captain-Marvel-Rambeau! " 

The Captain Marvel we'll see on the big screen owes a lot to writer Kelly Sue DeConnick. Her take on the character: "Captain America gets back up because it's the right thing to do. Captain Marvel gets back up because 'f*** you.'" http://huffp.st/QhlhQOK

Captain America: Leader Captain Marvel: Co-leader Spider-Man: Comic relief and combat  Daredevil: Stealth and combat Scarlet Witch: Magic Yo-Yo: Reconnaissance and combat Black Panther: Tech, funds and stealth 

Off for a dissertation seminar and to the Freshers Fayre which is always quite fun! (Plus free pizza). Carrying this around to let people know how proud I am as a Captain Marvel fan!  

Ewan McGregor would make a sweet Black Mask. Jude Law was always my choice before he joined Captain Marvel, but McGregor is just as good a pick.

So this is one of my favorite Carol pieces that I got from  the year he did “Versus” commissions at HeroesCon. It’s Captain Marvel vs .  I think when I got this, people thought I commissioned it from a place of malice or irony.

bc Captain Marvel got announced in ‘14, Brie Larson was cast in ‘16 and they started production when her schedule cleared after her ‘17 films like Kong and her 1st directorial debut film. This was coming. I’d say BW got greenlit after WW success but CM was greenlit since ‘14 

New #WeeklyPlanetPod & so much Red Hot Comic Book Movie News!  Two mates talking trailers for Captain Marvel & Daredevil plus first looks at The Joker but also Batman's Batdong | All in? Have fun with it: http://bit.ly/TWPodcast253

My quick thoughts on the new trailers from last week: Mary Poppins: Beautiful  The Grinch: OK Captain Marvel: Excellent  Wreck-it-Ralph 2: Great

whittymores: I’m not what you think I am. Captain Marvel (2019) dir. Anna Boden, Ryan Fleck https://tmblr.co/Z0bHEx2cGmwtF

Catching up with @njpwglobal tag matches. Is Elgin wearing Captain Marvel’s color designs on his tights?? What an absolute prick!

cishet male locals over at facebook are already whining abt the captain marvel movie Im scREAMING YES CRY BABY CRY HARDER

168 Days until Captain Marvel.   224 Days until Avengers 4.   287 Days until Spider-Man: Far From Home. 

           https://www.instagram.com/p/Bo2jpP9Bt3v/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=9mf5n39eps52 …

i can’t believe this amazing icon is playing captain marvel. brie, you are amazing and wonderful & such a good role model. you stand up for what you believe in, and you fight for what’s right. happy birthday brie larson, i love you 

I watched @MckennaGraceful in #thebadseed on #lifetime a few weeks ago and thought “this girl is going big places.” Just realized she’s on young Sheldon, haunting of hill house and she’ll be young Captain Marvel. This girl is amazing.

Me (watching a movie trailer): I’m so excited for this movie @MainMateNate_LV: oh Metroid? Me: It’s,.... Captain Marvel..


Wow! Just wow!  I saw Inhumans last night and let me tell you it might be the BEST  movie   in the MCU.   You thought that Captain Marvel   was going to save everyone?  WRONG!  Jack Black as Black Bolt was stunning.   When is Inhumans 2?  

What is it with Disney shills where they do nothing but gush over every MCU movie, even when the trailer is shit like #CaptainMarvel, but then tear down anything NOT produced by Disney?  And why do they think they have any credibility?

I don't care if Captain Marvel is smiling in a trailer or not. I also don't care if anyone Photoshops a smile onto her.  Literal joke policing is how we got to 2018 in the first place.  

Marvel writer  on tugging at emotional chord with 'The Life of Captain Marvel' series- “Seeing a mother and daughter [Danvers] together as warriors, I was feeling like, 'this is where my power comes from; this story is about both of us." 

For the record, Captain Marvel was Shazam original name so to everyone that corrected me by saying “SHE” after avengers...   I knew I won’t crazy.

Check out the latest episode of  where  and I breakdown the  trailer and the latest  Direct! Check us out!    

@j_t_starwars Preaching The Truth About #CaptainMarvel on  @GeeksGamersCom Checkout The Vidhttps://youtu.be/kMRCymLMB54

As in they may have had the cast and script but would not have gone forward with Captain Marvel had WW not been successful.  Just like they want to see success of Aquaman to see if Namor makes sense.


if captain marvel is associated with the Quantum realm then...she could’ve probably got Scott outta of there with the rumored people who are in there too, (Bucky T’Challa, sam, Wanda etc)


NEEDED: A co-host for tonight's show! NEWS: , Horror Challenge & more! TRAILERS: , , , , , , and . ALSO: Hijinx ENSUE! Recording around 9 PM EST.  

in 2019,we get:  - stranger things 3 - descendants 3 - spiderman ffh - avengers 4 - captain marvel - the perfectionists  - singular (world) tour (prob)   2019 is gonna be a great year for stan twitter

A concept: Loki, Scarlet Witch, Bucky, Falcon, Doctor Strange, Black Panther, Captain Marvel, and Spider-Man as the new Avengers.



Tried on my new  cosplay for the first time this morning and it’s made me unbelievably happy. Even more hyped for the movie, now!! Can’t wait to see her on the big screen! Higher, further, faster.     

No wonder that my only joke tweet I posted got 100 likes in 24 hours.  Whilst my other tweets about my apps barely get 1 like LOL  We still learn from you     

all i remember from the dream is that one of the guardians died (mantis) & captain marvel was fighting a skrull so if that happens i’m a psychic

captain marvel [2019] — just a post to say happy 29th birthday to the wonderful captain herself, ! i hope this year brings you happiness, strength, and wonder! carol is lucky to have you in her life! 

disney’s really releasing  captain marvel dumbo avengers 4 aladdin toy story 4 the lion king frozen 2 star wars episode 9  all in the same year ... 2019’s about to be amazing

Jessica Drew has a significant role in the first arc of Captain Marvel, so, yes. No plans for Spider-Man at this time.


Captain Marvel will travel back in time to falsely accuse Thanos of sexual harassment at his university thus creating a super villain, the likes of which we’ve never seen.

‘The Life of Captain Marvel’ #4 review: Entertaining and at times inspiring change to Carol’s origin       

Not much interaction with Captain Marvel or any of the Robins.  Only N52 Shazam has had meaningful appearances with Damian, so I think we can safely say that New 52 Shazam's favorite Robin would be Damian.  That said, I think classic Captain Marvel would like Tim Drake best. 


Y'all we were sleeping on Brie Larson before Room and Captain Marvel! She should have gotten an Emmy for United States of Tara and an Oscar for Short Term 12!!! Girl has been a masterclass in acting since day 1!!!

AoS cast gonna look so hot and proud on the Captain Marvel red carpet in March. AoS is really the gift that keeps on giving.

Fucking sick of every time there’s new #CaptainMarvel news, you get dozens of insecure bros wringing their hands over “concerns” that she might be too OP or a Mary Sue.   Guarantee if it was Mar-Vell and not Carol, these dummies would be pissing with excitement.

I’m not really a Harvey fan either. I think you could have a Batgirl movie and have Oracle in this, but you’d have to set the Batgirl movie in the past like they’re doing with Captain Marvel. So could be the same actor, but the Batgirl film would be like a prequel to this Barbara

The first  official trailer starring  has arrived! We're here to break down the trailer and reveal things you may have missed   


My 4 yr old is really hyped to watch Godzilla: King of Monsters and Captain Marvel next year.   I'm hoping there'll be some cool  bedding to complete her bedroom.


I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/c3usrJdcLCM?a  Why Nick Fury didn't call in Captain Marvel to fight Thanos

Mr. marvel & Captain Marvel watercolour sketch on sketch cover. These girls are always fun to draw!              

Winners of the #CaptainMarvel @EW are: @rebekah_wells and @mkibling! Congrats! DM me your addresses and they’ll go out this week!!

She-Hulk, Captain America (Steve Rogers), Doctor Strange, Iron Man, Thor, Captain Marvel, Black Panther & Ghost Rider (Roberto Reyes) (Avengers vol.8 #10 variant cover) Art by David Finch (MARVEL COMICS - January, 2019) 

 Concept Art .  We saw this art last year but in poor quality. Super talented artist  shared this hd look this morning & it’s a beauty.  The design is just perfect & after seeing the trailer,  brings it to life in spectacular fashion. 

While you're all waiting for Captain Marvel to come out, go watch AMATW to hold you over until then. It'll make you laugh, cry and every emotion in between. I promise you won't be disappointed. 

So this guy wanted to troll and harass Brie Larson but now he has a  avi? Smh  I can’t with this guy  Also David Sandberg debunked the latest conspiracy theory. 

Marie -“I gave birth to you, Carol, I raised you, I love you and I’d know my FIRST BORN anywhere, behind any disguise.”  Carol- “My..? There m-must be some mistake!” It’s never too late to find out your true origins. It was ALWAYS there. Thank you !  

1. Captain Marvel comes out March 8, 2019....WW84 was originally set for November 2019  2. That’s not “more than a year away”. That’s 7 moths, way less than a year 

Avengers 4 Teaser Trailer Speculation... . . Follow - @network_surf  . .  universe studios comics     … https://www.instagram.com/p/BqPfxJbgq4L/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=q0piodl5dylo …

I finally got to read this and damn,  could write 6 issues of CAPTAIN MARVEL: WATCHING PAINT DRY and I would be ENTHRALLED 

I like this costume too much. What other comic ladies would you like to see me do in the future?  |  -  |  er Girl     Comics | If you'd like to see how I made this …  

People are so shocked that Avengers 4 is 5 years after 3? I mean, its no secret that there will be time travel shenanigans in the film (and the casting of a teenage version of Scott Lang's daughter).  But is it gonna take 5 years for Captain Marvel to show up?

I’m sorry I know it’s late but Captain Marvel, Dumbo, Aladdin, Toy Story 4,  The Lion King, Jungle Cruise, and Frozen 2 ALL COME OUT NEXT YEAR and my Disney loving soul is just so damn excited

CAPTAIN MARVEL (March 2019) ~ I couldn’t be more excited for this! Brie Larson is an amazing actress and I’ve been impressed by every image released, not to mention that trailer! This movie will truly be something special for the MCU 

this looks cool but i doubt captain marvel swoops in and saves the day...it’s simply not a good story 

Iam sooooo happy and so devasted at the same time, Corps. Not sure if I’ll be able to go to Brazil in time. It’s be the change of a lifetime to meet out Captain Marvel @brielarson

I'm not going to be ready for the words "In Memory of Stan Lee" during Captain Marvel and Avengers 4  He has brought in so many characters that made my childhood fun and colorful. He brought his readers joy, hope, love and inspiration. He was a real-life superhero.  Excelsior.

Things that will get me through the first half of next year   Kingdom hearts (January)  Captain Marvel (March)  Game of Thrones (April)  Avengers 4 (May)  The possibility of a kendrick album

Also Carol’s first time donning the costume and using the name was on Avenging Spider-Man #9, which came out in 2012. Carol Captain Marvel is actually younger than the MCU’s existence. Not making excuses, but still. 

Secret Invasion: When it appears that her old arch-enemy has returned, Captain Marvel goes off on her own to take care of her. Not all shape-shifters are the same, though, and Carol soon finds herself fighting against an unexpected alien threat.

So...some people are really pissed about Captain Marvel because she doesn’t smile uh ? We’re really doing that ? AGAIN ?! 

hello i'm making this a new marvel and lord of the rings account and want to make new mutuals :)  rt if you stan: - LotRs - game of thrones - sam wilson - loki - tony stark - shuri - ironstrange - wanda/lizzie - irondad - star lord - eddie brock/venom - captain marvel

Everytime you tweet i get emotional lol i can't wait til March...... #excitedmuch#Marvel#stanlee#captainmarvel

Not going to boycott (or support boycotts) of #CaptainMarvel or other @MarvelStudios movies in the name of #RehireJamesGunn - hurting people/projects that didn't cause the problem is the wrong approach IMO and what the cybernazis WANT.   But I will keep Making the hashtag stick.

Also now that I'm talking about CAPTAIN MARVEL and GREEN LANTERN, I'm amused by people saying the former looks like the latter. No mate. There's better cinematography and editing in the trailer for Cap than in that entire film, not to mention costuming and look of everything.


Movies Im Going to See  Creed 2 Fantastic Beast: The Crimes of Grindelwald BumbleBee Dragon Ball Super: Broly Captain Marvel John Wick 3 Avengers: Infinity War 2 Aladdin Dark Phoenix(Xmen) Godzilla: King of the Monsters Toy Story 4 The Lion King

Teaser posters in the real world for our March 2019  and  films  and . Cannot wait for the world to see more. 

This was me and I'm sure alot of other in the fandom...when we saw  Son of Coul aka Phil Coulson in the  trailer.      

I'm going to watch WW84, Shazam, Aquaman, The Batman, The Flash on DCEU and Joker. And MCU Captain Marvel, Avengers 4, some others, I already said why I will not see the titles quoted.


Let me get this straight, in 2019 I’ll have Yakusoku no Neverland, Fruits Basket, Infinity Train, How To Train Your Dragon 3, Captain Marvel, Avengers 4, Toy Story 4, Frozen 2, Star Wars episode 9

1. Avengers 4. 2. Guardians of the Galaxy, Vol. 3 (). 3. Spider-Man: Far From Home. 4. Captain Marvel. 

This week 2001: A Space Odyssey is on Trial. We discuss ,  & there’s a quiz about 2001! Plus the usual impressions, jingles & banter    https://itunes.apple.com/gb/podcast/films-on-trial/id1257389720?mt=2&i=1000420965754 …  Promo: @MGnPpodcast #PodernFamily #BritPodScene #PodSociety #podnationpic.twitter.com/G2HTT9jluX

I absolutely LOVED creating this design of  as  ! Based on the awesome comic book looks by  &  It was a pleasure taking those & translating it for the big screen & for the story we are telling on this film. 


If you still don't know who  is or what her superpowers are, we've got you covered. Here's everything you need to know about Brie Larson's superhero:  

"I think the character is incredibly important, maybe now more than ever," said the writer of a new Captain Marvel comic series 

|Day 30 : Upcoming movie you’re most looking forward to|  Every upcoming Marvel movie? omg I am so thrilled about Captain Marvel, I cant wait to see what happens in Avengers 4 and I am just so excited to see Spider-Man: Far from home!!!!!  I. CAN’T. CHOOSE. 


it took a month for them to get here and then another month for the weather to cooperate but omg I love them I have never felt more powerful   praise to our lord and savior brie larson   

My voice is shot, but we still got the podcast up! Hear some news featuring @ladisputeband/@TheOfficialA7X/@handslikehouses/@midtown/@shook_ones/@DebtNeglector and...@captainmarvel? Hell yea, episode 13 of #TheLeadIn only from @jabberjmedia! https://jabberjaw.show/theleadin


10 impulse Bart allen 9 robin Damien Wayne  8 silver surfer 7 Thor  6 moon knight 5 captain marvel (shazam) 4 daredevil 3 spider-man 2 she hulk 1 dr. Strange

hopefully aquaman promo, avengers 4 trailer and captain marvel promo later on will spark something in me

I wish they did figures like this without the boob socks. I've been trying to get a "realistic" Captain Marvel figure for a while but they all have gigantic boobs with clothes sticking to them in a way no material does. It seems unnecessarily fetishistic.

‘Captain Marvel’: Brie Larson says Carol Danvers’ flaws are what make her great https://cstu.io/b25fd4

So, the latest problem MRAs and Comicsgaters have is that Captain Marvel doesn't smile enough. Oh, to live in such a teeny tiny world where that was actually an issue.


I'm not RTing this asshole because it's what he wants. But it seems this dude's big issue with Captain Marvel is that the pretty lady won't just smile and look pretty like a good girl.   

-Jessica Jones -Carol Danvers/Captain Marvel  -Logan Howlet/Wolverine -Danny Rand/Iron Fist -Dr. Strange -Cindy Moon/Silk -Miles Morales/Spider-Man -ALL THE OTHER SPIDER-MEN -Kaine/Scarlet Spider  -Ben Reilly/Scarlet Spider  -Mary Jane -Fantastic Four

#ColliderMovieTalk  If Avengers 4 drops a trailer this month or next, do you think we'll see another Captain Marvel trailer before 2019? And which trailer would you bet we are more likely to see next?

hello! let's be mutuals!! rt or like if you stan:  - valkyrie - captain marvel - thor  - doctor strange - loki  - steve rogers  - tony stark - the ENTIRE cast of black panther - peter parker - basically all of mcu characters and cast

Reminder that we are TRULY gonna be fed in 2019 and get:   Avengers IW 2 Captain Marvel Toy Story 4  It 2 Dumbo The Lion King Aladdin Spider-Man: Far From Home  How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World Frozen 2  Zombieland 2

So excited for #CaptainMarvel. #RalphBreaksTheInternet looks interesting. #MaryPoppinsReturn be a good #Christmas movie for my mum.

WHIZ Comics featuring Captain Marvel - Comic Book Cover Art - Trading Cards – ON SALE NOW: http://etsy.me/2fUdIRw  via @Etsy #ComicArt

Captain Marvel #1 Silver Age Marvel Comics 2nd Appearance of Carol Danvers F/VF- https://ebay.to/2S1NW0w

Captain Marvel #11 Horrible artwork undermines what is an otherwise interesting story as Marvel meets the mysterious Zo 

brie larson stans attacking david sandberg for saying facts. y'all petty af. shazam is in fact the original captain marvel. go see shazam in theaters april 5th, 2019.

can’t stop watching captain marvel stuff she is so hot, rich and powerful she’s destroying me and i’m absolutely ok with it 

you know i used to try to add a witty joke with my art posts. but im a lil out of practice sooo....help me out and just imagine i said something funny.  

Carol Danvers becomes Captain Marvel, one of the galaxy's strongest heroes, after the Earth is caught in the center of an intergalactic conflict between two alien worlds. 

I watched the new Dark Phoenix trailer and I have to say I'm not really excited about it. It's a mesh for me. I'm more excited for Captain Marvel

all the new series I'm starting in the next 3 months :  MK20, The Green Lantern, Bitter Root, DOTD, Uncanny X-Men, Die, Martian Manhunter, Miles Morales, Outsiders, Livewire, X-Force, Man Without Fear, Captain Marvel, Black Widow, FNSM, Thunderbolt, Other History

“Sometimes you want to go Where everybody knows your name And they're always glad you came You wanna be where you can see Our troubles are all the same You wanna be where everybody knows your name”     

ICYMI: Captain Marvel meet and greet coming to  in 2019. Did you know all Disney movies debut on the ship the same day they hit theaters?  

So we've just been informed that one of our zine artists,  just finished her debut drawing the Life of Captain Marvel #4 feel free to go congratulate and thank her for all her hard work!!! You can also buy the comic for $3.99 here!! 

With the skrulls so called being "misunderstood" in captain marvel. I'd like a scene of this showing the kree sentry's attacking their homeworld 

Remember when Scott Pilgrim dated Captain Marvel, and then dated Huntress, who previously dated Captain America and Superman 

Dark phoenix, Captain Marvel, Game of Thrones, Avengers 4, Spiderman Far From Home, Chaos Walking, Euphoria... 2019 is already treating me so well

i will for sure miss you so much as the cameo in more Marvel movies. I wish I still can at least see you in Captain Marvel, Avenger 4, and Spiderman: Far From Home next year. Rest In Peace @TheRealStanLee you will always be remembered  #RIPStanLee

Some of ’s co-creations:  Spider-Man X-Men Iron Man Thor The Hulk Black Panther Ant-Man Fantastic Four Doctor Strange Hawkeye Daredevil Black Widow Nick Fury Inhumans Captain Marvel S.H.I.E.L.D. Avengers Magneto Doctor Doom Green Goblin 


Omg!  The  news today is absolutely craaaazzzzy!   set to start meeting in  next year!  And  has not only been renewed for one season but two!… https://www.instagram.com/p/BqQxDTkH3r7/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=1maq6qzya0k10 …

This Rogue/Captain Marvel meme that's been going around is a perfect representation of Disney getting the X-Men back and them absorbing all of the life from the Avengers.

Catch up with Venom, Aquaman, Captain Marvel and Sabrina Spellman at the   digital comics sale. https://www.polygon.com/deals/2018/10/4/17937694/nycc-2018-digital-comics-sale-comixology-amazon-dc-marvel-venom-sabrina?utm_campaign=polygon&utm_content=chorus&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter …pic.twitter.com/b31t5qH9sa

|| 39 dni do Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse 112 dni do Captain Marvel 168 dni do Avengers 4 203 dni do X-Men: Dark Phoenix 231 dni do Spider-Man: Far From Home

Cosplay at every con for 2019-2020:  - Bowsette (and iterations) - anyone from The Dragon Prince - Carol Danvers/Captain Marvel - Joaquin Phoenix Joker - Overwatch skins - Deadpool (Forever. Always.) - Deku/MHA

Just thankful that the Carol Corps got these two incredible writers, I can't Imagine Carol without  and  Thank you endlessly for bringing me so much joy while I read the comics and now we get to see our hero on the big screen, what a dream!   


Just ordered myself some new socks for superhero stuff  https://www.superherostuff.com/captain-marvel/socks/captain-marvel-avenger-activated-athletic-socks.html?itemcd=sockcmrvavengract …

To be honest I think I’m one of the few who is as excited for Dark Phoenix as for Captain Marvel or Aquaman, I have so much faith on how they’re gonna wrap that story


i love the idea that instead of capitalising on a wave of new, diverse heroes in the wake of black panther and captain marvel, kevin feige is super into turning the mcu into all the post-avengers fanfic

Avengers Members after Avengers 4 (Annihilation): - Black Panther - Ant-Man - Captain Marvel - Scarlet Witch - Vision - Wasp - Falcon - Bucky Barnes - War Machine #InfinityWar #Avengers4 #Avengers #AvengersAnnihilation #MCU

Captain Marvel’s definitely the person we’ve been asked to cover the most and the one I’ve been most excited to chat about so, here she is! Here we come a’CAROL-ing!   

“I keep having these memories... I think I had a life here - but I can’t tell if it’s real...”      : Anna : Me/dad         

Thanos confirmed to appear in Captain Marvel, but since the film is set in the 90's he will be wearing a t-shirt that just says ROCKO'S MODERN LIFE

  Best sellers recap /2  Second place goes to the soon to be new queen of Marvel Movie Universe heroes Captain Marvel. People liked having the version choices. Helped that Marvel ran the movie preview every hour right across from me  

To those insisting  moving to 2020 has nothing to do with , but instead is avoiding  &  - um, welcome to modern Hollywood, there is strong competition EVERYWHERE. Plus  took on , made over $900M

I FOUND THE INFINITY GAUNTLET. I just couldn't snap my fingers. The universe will remain in tact, for now.              

131 days until Captain Marvel  187 days until Avengers 4  250 days until Spider-Man 2  Dear Marvel Fan, Whazzup? 

tbh brie larson probably posted a selfie with a stan lee caption bc the photos she has with stan she can’t post bc of captain marvel not being out i don’t blame her

captain marvel and a4 are just the beggining. she could be leading the next avengers. she will be in ms marvel. we could be looking at a CM trilogy. ultimates? so many possibilities. seven effing films! 

I'm just so excited for Captain Marvel and what the character is going to offer. Is she going to be the one to take down Thanos? What's going to be her role in Avengers 4? I'm just so exciting to find out! I also can't wait for her solo film!   

So did they move Dark Phoenix to get out of the Captain Marvel corridor, or did they move it because they're overhauling it more than they're letting on?  Also, PG 13 Deadpool. Welcome to Disney, Fox! 

All I want is to see Captain Marvel meet the Avengers in the trailer and see if Avengers 4 will move up to April 26th and get that new date in the trailer like Overlord got a new date of November 9th in it’s debut trailer.

I’m not staying NYC for the con but Wednesday night I got to meet my incredible #CaptainMarvel artist @CarmenCarnero - and she is so great in addition to being so talented. We’re so lucky to have such a great team! Thanks @MightyBrunstad for assembling us!

Our character profile for  Destructor, an old enemy of  back when she was , has been edited and updated. 

The only complaint I have with the  comics is they stopped being whimsical and started to become silly - and there’s a difference.   comes off more like a buffoon than a whimsical super hero. 

There have been good and bad X-Films over the decades, but there’s a reason it has continued to thrive and millions of people watch them. Dark Phoenix may be the or worst movie, but it will certainly get more hype than Avengers 4 and Captain Marvel, bc it’s the X-Men 

Really hope we get a Captain Marvel trailer that features Intergalactic by The Beastie Boys because obviously but also the first lyric is “Don’t you tell me to smile.” 

It goes without saying but imma say it anyway: Captain Marvel takes place in the nineties so there HAS to be at least one Smash Mouth track on the soundtrack that’s just the law


Mary Marvel also had an anniversary this month, her 76th anniversary of when she made her debut in Captain Marvel Adventures #18.  I'm gonna celebrate it by posting 's Marvel-ous illustrations of her!

I said before that Captain Marvel is the BEST way to introduce mutants into MCU continuity by using Rogue and the Brotherhood. That incident could force Professor Xavier and his team to “come out,” and fear mongering leading to the Mutant Registration Act.  

— Inktober Day 3: Venomized Captain Marvel —  My first thought was “venom mohawk” lmao  I was so nervous to do this bc I wasn’t sure if I could pull off a dynamic pose & the coloring but god I’m proud of it now that I finished it  2018


Captain Marvel is the most powerful hero in the Marvel Universe ... until a super villain figures out you can just lock her in a room and she's stuck for 7 years. 

January solicits! Captain Marvel #1 by ,  & me. 30 pages and variant covers by    + movie variant. I mean... wow, I feel sooooo lucky 

Quick Captain Marvel painting I did, I also recorded my process through IG stories! Check it out, (insta )!   

Why Nick Fury didn't call in Captain Marvel to fight Thanos: http://youtu.be/c3usrJdcLCM?a  via @YouTube


holy fucking shit i just found out an argentinian actor is gonna be in the captain marvel movie wtffff i met him years ago!! i have a pic with him ahsjfkgkg now i can say i met someone from the marvel cast lmaoo

Disney is going to have an impressive year next year all of the movies will accumulate over $600,000,000 at the box office.  Dumbo Aladdin The Lion King Toy Story 4 Captain Marvel Avengers 4  Star Wars Episode 9

The #CaptainMarvel trailer recut to Joan Jett's "Do You Wanna Touch Me (Oh Yeah)" -- because I had to.   https://youtu.be/NqMCUWwI1sM

2019 CBM hype list: 1. Avengers 4 2. Far From Home 3. Joker 4. Captain Marvel 5. Shazam 6. WW 1984 7. New Mutants 8. Venom DVD release 9. Dark Phoenix

With The Shapeshifting Skrull being (one of?) the villain of #CaptainMarvel movie, the possibility of Plot-Twist is endless. Anyone can be the skrull including Captain Marvel

Which trailer was the best overall released recently? Or name one not listed! #tocmovies #XMenDarkPhoenix #DARKPHOENIX #CaptainMarvel #Creed2⁠ ⁠ #CREEDII⁠ ⁠ #Bumblebee #marvel #movietrailer #Transformers #xmen


Most anticipated movies for 2019? — Don't have a list but to name a few Avengers 4, captain marvel, toy story 4, Love live sunshine o... https://curiouscat.me/SKOT/post/676865405?1539476954 …

#CaptainMarvel is set in the 1990s and picks up after Captain Marvel already has acquired alien powers and is working with alien race the Kree and must face a threat from the shape-shifting Skrulls — Trailer: http://thr.cm/F1A3kb

Só tava assistindo o grande truque por causa da Scarlett Johansson e quando volto pro site tem muito dedaria e grito no ci! Brie Larson na #CCXP18 #ccxp #CaptainMarvel #CapitaMarvel

OZChris Eats The Universe NOW! Episode 3 - Captain Marvel Toast https://youtu.be/rvY7HTn-Hkc  via @YouTube

New Captain Marvel tribute pieces to bring to  Three versions. Classic costume on blue. Classic on Orange and a variant in her helmeted green Kree warrior uniform.    Booth1355

Giveaway time! I’ve got two copies of the   to give away. Like and RT this for your chance to win one. Winner picked 9/24!


Listen, I get the rational behind The Life Of Captain Marvel's retconning away "Got Mar-Vell's Powers From Freak Accident" to make Carol more stand-alone and empowering...  But the added fold of "You Were Always Genetically Superior" reeks of White Feminism... #FizzVsComics

Fun fact: War Machine, Captain Marvel (Carol Danvers), Ant-Man (Scott Lang), the Wasp (Hope Van Dyne) all replaces older heroes. In fact, Scott & Hope did that IN UNIVERSE. Legacy Heroes are a time honoured tradition in superhero stories.

I know I ask a lot of Marvel, but please, if you can give my gay and desperate heart one small thing, give me Captain Marvel wielding Stormbreaker

Bought the cutest  pin!  I love it! Thank you to ! Sadly, I couldn’t find a twitter but you can find them on Instagram!

Kirby is Captain Marvel  Literally crashing to earth as our last hope  Higher, Further, Faster, More, my little pink asskicker 

#Disney will have a monster 2019:  Captain Marvel  Dumbo Avengers 4 Aladdin The lion king Frozen 2  Toy story 4  Star Wars: Episode IX Damn they will have all top 10 for them

Funny how one of the sites to publicly call me a LIAR about the Avengers 4 title are now claiming it's correct, but trying to say that I didn't break it. Just like he called me a liar over the Captain Marvel trailer date, when that was correct too. 

I guess we got to talk about this trailer for Marvel’s latest HER-O, @captainmarvel. I can’t say I’m super happy with their choice of marketing theme. https://youtu.be/f61dUhHSNrc

  He was a man more MARVELous than Captain Marvel More AMAZING than Spiderman More Fantastic than the Four More INCREDIBLE than the Hulk He brought everyone's AMAZING FANTASIES to life A GURADIAN OF THE GALAXY  CAPTAIN of AMERICAN comics We will miss u EXCELSIOR!! 

If anything they ARE backing off Star Wars like they’ve done before. And Frozen won’t be a slouch at the box office either.  and  we’re coming out 8 months apart. The hell is she on about....

I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://youtu.be/JM4XZ3UYPi8?a  Captain Marvel Prelude Reveals Why the Avengers Lost to Thanos (Nerdist

#AuthorConfession D24  Logan and Casey have never seen a movie. I think they'd both be really excited about the recent Captain Marvel trailer and I can see them rewatching Black Panther on Netflix 100x.

Actualmente me estoy leyendo (al día): -Secret Agent Deadpool -Spider-Man/Deadpool -Deadpool Vol.5 -Deadpool Assassin (acabado) -The Avengers Vol. 8 (2018) -The Life of Captain Marvel -Tony Stark: Iron Man -Ms. Marvel Vol. 4 -The Amazing Spider-Man Vol. 5 - Captain America Vol.9

I'm a little bit in love with Monica's Captain Marvel pumpkin. Who else is going to make some so we can have a whole army of superhero pumpkins?! 

i want to get ms marvel, captain marvel, sabrina, she hulk lawyer and i’m still waiting for funko to announce the new phoenix pop and the new lord of the rings wave

Your (semi) daily Cap cover...Captain Marvel #66 (October 1946), cover by CC Beck. Captain Marvel Battles the Dread Atomic War! 

im actually so sad thinking about the fact that mr stan lee won’t get to watch the final version of avengers 4 or captain marvel and spider-man: far from home :(((((((( fucK 

I put out 5 videos yesterday. ,  and more! They're actually getting better. I do edited videos and then off the dome ones. Still no views. Oh well! Today's a day for writing and putting out two videos!


Avengers: Venom Bomb. Having to deal with all of Manhattan being overcome by Symbiotes featuring  Avengers -Spider-Man -Captain Marvel -Captain America  -Black Panther -Falcon -Ant-Man  -Wasp Symbiotes -Venom(Eddie Brock) -Carnage (Cletus Cassiday) -Scream -Agony -Riot -Toxin 

The Creator of ,  , , , ,........  had his last breath yesterday. The work of his in comics is unmatched. He lives long as long as his characters lives. 

I think Captain Marvel is going to be set in 1998. That way its 10 years before MCU's birth with IM1. And we're getting it after a decade of MCU.

Waiting for the Avengers 4 , Captain Marvel , Spiderman ffh , ST season 3 , GOT season 8 , Fantastic Beasts 2 , Awae season 3 ,  KOA novel my life is just an endless loop of waiting for my fav things to release

should i read captain marvel before ms. marvel or can i just jump right in bc i wanna see ms. kamala khan, miles morales, and sam alexander asap

Spice Girls: Spice up your life.  Me: The call sheet said to submit a recent picture so I emailed my Halloween picture from last night and got an immediate response from the casting director which has never happened before saying “Are you dressed as Captain Marvel?!”

And in case you missed it...here's the trailer for #CaptainMarvel!  (@clarkgregg @brielarson)https://youtu.be/Z1BCujX3pw8

Honestly I do have a ton of Her Universe and Hot Topic costume dresses including a Captain Marvel one but I didn’t have enough energy to go through everything this morning. So this will do for this year.

A new doctor who trailer AND a captain marvel trailer? What about trailers with MEN IN THEM. We've only been represented in EVERYTHING, ALL THE TIME FOREVER, and this week PROVES that we are BEING ERASED.

Today, save 40% OFF all back issues at all three Midtown Comics locations! Pick up the coolest comics with great characters like Daredevil, Iron Fist, Captain Marvel, Venom, and more! Find more info:  

happy birthday to our captain marvel, continue to shine and pave the way for many young girls to follow. I hope you have an amazing day and know that you are so loved and cherished 

Random and slightly off-topic observation: The Venn diagram of "people who think @brielarson should smile more as Captain Marvel" and "people who think Hillary Clinton's smile is so fake" is just a circle, right? #KavaNOPE


two days ago we were still sad miserable and dead inside, and now we have captain marvel and loki series to look forward to bless 

ITS CONFIRMED...IF THERE WAS ANY DOUBTH :)  #MOT #LUFC https://www.leeds-live.co.uk/sport/leeds-united/marvel-film-star-you-didnt-15291717 … @captainmarvel @Carnival_Films @skyatlantic

brie larson, lee pace and gemma chan in a same movie..... captain marvel really said fuck alia's meat

This week we have a bit of backstory (maybe?) for the upcoming Captain Marvel movie - the Kree-Skrull War! There's a lot going on here, so come listen to us break it down!        …

Meet Captain Marvel's allies and new recruits ahead of the new comic series from writer Kelly Thompson ()! See the designs for Carol and her team's apocalyptic looks, as sketched by artist :

Say swear they made Captain Marvel’s true name “Car-Ell”. That’s the most cringey Kal-El ripoff we’ve seen. Please be false

Thank you to all our fans for your support! 109 million global views for the Marvel Studios'  trailer in 24 hours. Higher. Further. Faster.  

Theory: The reason Carol acts the way she does in the Captain Marvel trailer is because the Kree brainwashed her and stripped her of her humanity. Her arc across the movie will be saving Earth from a Skrull invasion and regaining her humanity in the process.

the fact that that scene in the captain marvel trailer can be read three ways:  1. discover what makes her  2. discover what makes a hero  3. discover what makes her a hero  ...not to be that guy but. poetic cinema™

A gif I replied with, of a rhino taking a shit, got twice as many likes as his video of him crying over Captain Marvel.



“Yeah, those were tough times for you. I look up to Captain Marvel too, despite my differences with her in the past. I can see why you talk about her a lot. She's great. I just sometimes wish I had someone like her. But I don't, I mostly have to learn for myself.” 

I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/wcNvMW4s9a8?a  Android 18 VS Captain Marvel (Dragon Ball VS Marvel Comics) | DEATH BATTLE!

I need mutuals so RT if you stan: Marvel. Spider-man. Bucky Barnes. Gamora. Miles Morales. (Movie.) Gwen Stacy. (Movie) Steve Rogers. Peggy Carter. Nebula. Carol Danvers. Natasha Romanoff.  GOTG  Black panther. Captain marvel. Whole mcu cast. 

Brie is beung criticised for not smiling enough in her role as Captain Marvel. Here’s how she responded. 

TRAILER VIEWS 23-29 septiembre  1  13,7M 2  10,35M (26,8M) 3  9,89M (41,3M) 4  8,35M (31,9M) 5  5,8M (40,9M) 6  3,16M (136,7M) 7  2,1M (8,4M) 8  1,99M (17,6M) 

marvel stans! rt to be mutuals!  stan list: -tom holland/peter parker -mj/ zendaya -carol danvers/ captain marvel/ brie larson -peggy carter/hayley atwell -steve rogers/ chris evans -tony stark/ rdj -literally any other mcu actor/character 

Movie was neat. Very meta but not shameless. Like the first obe better only because I felt that story was more "self contained." Also trailers in kids movies suck! Sure we wpuld see #Captainmarvel because Disney but we saw #Aquaman and a ton of forgettable cgi.

SO I'm guessing the ''Avengers: Mark, You're Fired'' (A4:MYF) is off the table, dangit, it had a catchiness to it. Annihilation is one people have been guessing. Reassembled it to literal. They gotta release it soon, the Russo's said after Captain Marvel trailer they'd say

Basement Talk!: I guess I joined Marvel Unlimited 6 years ago? They have thanked me by sending me Rocket With a Moving Jaw, Captain Marvel With an Extra Head, Robert Downey Stark, Rescue (?), Venom Punisher I Guess? and Ultron Who Was Chewed on By My Wife’s Hated Dog 

i refuse to say avengers 4 takes place 5 years after infinity war. why the fuck would it take captain marvel five whole years to get to earth?? the avengers aren’t just gonna be sitting ducks all that time. they’re not gonna ignore what happened. it makes zero sense.

Before the date change, #DarkPhoenix was poised to make some money in February before the MCU juggernaut got started in March with Captain Marvel. Now though? I don't even know what's gonna happen.

6/ Why would anyone buy a $25 ‘Captain Marvel’ DVD when they could access the film, and dozens of others + plus original series, on any device at any time and for 4+ months? Or rent it for 1-2 months’ subscription fees

The wedding and honeymoon are over. He’s back: @causy84   Can the return of our fearless leader, the man mountain, captain marvel inspire the boys to turn around our recent run of poor results. We’ll find out tomorrow.....

I just watched   with my mom right after the trailer for  and pls don’t judge us for thinking this but is this captain marvel in the first avengers movie?! Just looked so similar.. 

someone in this theater really said! that captain marvel looks stupid and the BUMBLEBEE MOVIE looks good ... god. girl go home

So the Captain Marvel movie is going to give an origin for Nick Fury missing his eye? Because it'd be awesome if it didn't. Like, he has both eyes at the start and both eyes at the end. Because not every aspect of a character needs an explanation.


In this episode of @webmeisterBud's Weekly Geek-out Podcast in @TheZone913, we talk @TheWalkingDead, @BreakingBad_AMC and we call up a phone sex line thanks to the new @captainmarvel promo photo. Also, @PolPlastino yells and @ArtAronson hates things. https://www.thezone.fm/2018/11/09/the-weekly-geek-out-podcast-0006/ …

 is definitely a good children's movie, my daughter is transfixed and slowly becoming a big Captain Marvel/Ms. Marvel and Squirrel Girl fan.

Wow.. EXACT ONE YEAR AGO, I had my  tattoo done! Was so lucky to have Mr  finishing his artwork for me. Who knew that EXACTLY ONE YEAR LATER, I’d be witnessing both ’s  trailer and ’s Life of Captain Marvel comic successes! 

One of my littles this week: “Are you sure you’re an adult? I don’t know many adults who wear superhero shoes. But it’s cool. Are they comfortable? Can you run fast in them?”   



Power up with  Hear us talk everything from  to ! No nerdom goes uncovered!      Podbean:  iTunes:  Spotify:  

Manjakan Penggemar Avengers. 5 Musuh Paling Kuat yang Akan Dihadapi Captain Marvel Dalam Filmnya Nanti http://loop.co.id/sl/37wkm0

Rey Will Be As Powerful As Captain Marvel But With Much Less Makeup, According To Episode IX Writer Chris “Boom Boom” Terrio


Schwarma but its the surviving avengers + Guardians of the galaxy + Spider-Man + Captain Marvel = Heartbreaking Reference 

captain marvel looks like standard mcu to me idg the hype, ill obviously still see it but its not gonna be anything crazy i dont think

Seriously, can’t thank you enough for where you’re leaving Carol - Margie - Life of Captain Marvel is a BEAUTIFUL story.

"Hmm, ok i like that idea. Plus I'm sill a big fan of Captain Marvel.. Me and my bud Ms. Marvel have like all of her action figures." 

As Captain Marvel, Photon, Pulsar, or Spectrum I think we can all agree that Monica deserves her own solo movie.

Just finished watching Avengers Infinity War again and man I’m so ready for Captain Marvel and Avengers  4 already

Fun times location scouting today in the beautiful  area. You’ll hopefully be able to see some of this  spot in the upcoming  movie!    ... 

I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://youtu.be/dgi_wiJttRk?a  Captain Marvel Budget is reportedly Very small

my favorite event from this captain marvel trailer is the locals being butthurt over carol punching an old lady

How cool! This little boy is playing with  and Iron Man’s toys in the upcoming Immortal Hulk preview! 

Follow the official #CaptainMarvel accounts on Twitter and Instagram!  @brielarson @captainmarvel (on IG - captainmarvelofficial)  And stay tuned! You #1 Captain Marvel source is also on IG captmarvelnews

Yes...and I’m sure you would have calmly taken him out as if you’re Captain Marvel yourself  it’s not like the cop who was riddled with bullets had any training or anything

He already recorded his cameos probably for Infinity War pt 2, Captain Marvel, and Spider-Man far from home so this isn't even true 

Samuel L. Jackson’s character Nick Fury seems to call for Captain Marvel’s help during the events of Infinity War. Only fitting he introduces her.

On first glance, reading Captain Marvel in trade paperback is way more confusing than it should.   Luckily, this guide is here to make reading easy. 

In no particular order because I can't choose.  Supergirl Batman Black Canary Elektra Captain Marvel  I nominate @mabyillah @TalkBoosterAu @matsnerdcorner @FormerlyCBM @LetsTalkCanary

my classmate said that captain marvel is gonna be bad and that the character should just die already and also said that brie is ugly 

This is what  does...they lock them in for a long while. Makes it harder to get some performers, but it does help with continuity!!!   

Your (semi) daily Cap cover, Whiz Comics #72 (March 1946). Cover art by CC Beck. “Captain Marvel Meets the Man of the Future!” 

Another Captain Marvel portrait sketch for Inktober today  Hope you all had a great weekend!          ist work istic 

So you’re telling me that the last cameo from Stan Lee is Ant Man and the Wasp or Captain Marvel.   We have lost a great today. #ExcelsiorForever

¡El primer tomo del cómic precuela de  nos muestra a Nick Fury durante los eventos ocurridos después de !   TheSanZ. 

I've been a fan of Captain Marvel since the moment I read my first comic about her! I honestly couldn't be more excited for this movie, it's gonna be so good 

"Time to Suit Up" - Henry Jackman, The Winter Soldier  1:33 to the end.  Imagine this playing in a scenario where Captain America is passing the torch to Captain Marvel before he makes the ultimate sacrifice play.  "Danvers...Carol...Protect them. All of them..." 

Took a day off from sewing on Captain Marvel. I needed it. But my brain won’t stop guilting me. .  Me: “let me play my roller coaster tycoon and binge unsolved mysteries in PEACE”  Brain: “...you should be sewing” 


i literally despise when people say this, not because i think that captain marvel should kill him, but because i think it's absolutely ridiculous how people think that is an option. like why can't be be excited for cm without being like IF THIS BITCH KILLS THANOS

I wasn't sure if I would enjoy being Captain marvel or not, but I really love wearing this costume. If you wanna see how I made it, there's a tutorial over at @costumesupercenter! |  -  |     …  

Growing up my team was.  Gary Bailey,  Gordon McQueen, Paul McGrath, Kevin Moran alongside Albiston.  In midfield Captain Marvel Bryan Robson, livewire Scot Gordon Strachan, mercurial talent Norman Whiteside and Frank Stapleton.  Up front wily duo Mark Hughes and Brian McClair. 

My daughter  & I just met  Ronan “The Accuser” and Thranduil from The Hobbit. Great guy!              Studios 

Check out my comic book show where I review  #57, Life of  #4,  #51, Strangers in Paradise #7, The Unstoppable Wasp #1,  #14, Exorsisters #1, Sideways #9,  Weapon Hex #1 and More  

Master Comics #23 - Captain Marvel Jr. 11x14 Poster Print – Available Now to Order: http://amzn.to/2jXLVXt  via @amazon


•Captain Marvel (Billy Batson) •Green Lantern (Alan Scott) •Hawkman (Carter Hall)  You could say they're my JSA Trinity. 

On Saturday,   members find out what happens to Captain Marvel () when she is hypnotically paralyzed, fiendishly bound, gagged, & forced to climax in electrical ropes!  Will she escape? Will she become a mindless slave?  Join today & find out!



If Cineplexx just thinks to make Captain Marvel a ladies night and Spiderman : Into Spiderverse a children event I'll cancel them :@

#CaptainMarvel wants to be Samus? Musta seen dat trailer of #SmashBrosUltimate. Gotta wait until her movie to see if the quality of this Brie is bold enough to be from Wisconsin. Even though the character is from Boston. But then again, this Brie has been aged for over 20 years!

#ICYMI our latest #podcast. Topics include  #CaptainMarvel, #IronFist, #AmericanVandal and more.  Listen: http://pos.li/2ag0it  #Spotify: https://pos.li/2ag0iq  #Soundcloud: http://pos.li/2ag0iu  #Iheartradio:  https://pos.li/2agbug  #PodernFamily @willmpolk @sjbelmont

It’s finally happened. Stan Lee passed away. Can’t say he didn’t live a fulfilling life at 95. I genuinely wonder if either captain marvel or avengers 4 will be his last cameo. RIP. 

Nothing would be more heartbreaking than watching the FINAL Stan Lee Cameo in Captain Marvel and Avengers 4 

i know y’all want captain marvel to defeat thanos so bad but hate to break it to u ladies n gays but that job belongs to nebula only

's first trailer received 109 million views in 24 hours, beating 'Black Panther’s 89 million, but falling behind ’Infinity War’s 230 million   (via )

The same site who is calling me a troll over what I know, ALSO Tweeted to not believe the Captain Marvel trailer rumors.  So there you go.


O questionamento que fica é, será que vai ter um novo trailer de  na , espero muito viu,  não decepciona a gente.

I've been so excited to finally see one of my favorite comic characters on the big screen, portrayed by my favorite actor () that I had to  include her in the Halloween festivities!  

First appearance of Kree Captain Marvel!!! Very clean copy, VF condition!!  Going up on the wall at $200.00!!!       … https://www.instagram.com/p/Bofbhlwhdq1/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=fednem9fyew2 …

Caryn Waetcher - Captain Marvel 2 Justin Lin - X-Men and Thunderbolts Paul King - Fantastic Four Will Gluck - Power Pack Rick Famuyiwa - Champions Niljla Mu’min or Haifaa Al Mansour - Ms Marvel 

i’m looking for new mutuals so rt if you stan:  - mcu - robert downey jr/tony - chris evans/steve - mark ruffalo/bruce - scarlett johansson/natasha - thor/chris - movies  - captain marvel/brie  - the resident - agents of shield - sebastian stan/bucky  i'll follow! thank you

A lot of people don't care about brie larson or captain marvel but you don't see them whinging like babies like you are doing. Get over it and take your own advice and "move on". 

#ICYMI - Trailer Reactions | Captain Marvel – Mary Poppins Returns – Ralph Breaks The Internet https://buff.ly/2QePmUI

2019 So Far: Live action Detective Pikachu, The Lion King, Dumbo and Aladdin. A new Toy Story. Frozen 2. Avengers 4. Captain Marvel. Spider-Man: Far From Home. X-Men: Dark Phoenix. Star Wars: Episode IX.  8-year-old me is shaking. 

absolutely reeling from the fact that I just saw someone saying xmen fans shouldn’t like captain marvel because she goes against what the xmen stand for or some BULL

ROBBO!  Cultured footballer Aggressive tackler Born Winner Leader on the pitch Total Midfielder Top Striker Sweeper (Anfield Boxing Day)  Hard as fucking nuts, afraid of nobody..  Led INGERLUND to TWO, yes TWO World Cups..  #CaptainMarvel as Sir Bobby Robson called him..

I'm probably one of few that like both versions of the suit though I am more of a fan of the final one.  

Lee Pace at Avengers Panel Interview  with Chris Evans and  Karen Gillan in Chicago, October 13 th  2018  source :     Chicago     

Does this count as a Space Force joke? Help me win a Chipotle gift card and bragging rights by liking the  post of my Halloween costume, Starforce leader . 

The Nutcracker & the 4 Realms; Mary Poppins Returns; Bohemian Rhapsody; Boy Erased; Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald; Widows; Creed II; Captain Marvel; Dumbo 


Why are some of you saying you’re bored and we need new content. We just got a captain marvel trailer?? We’re getting pics from the ffh set?? We got the daredevil season 3 promo?? We found out about Loki getting a tv show??   What more do you people want.

Just had a thought: cannot wait for the #CaptainMarvel LEGO sets. Need to get me a Carol Danvers minifig...

ladies and gentleman... introducing my motherfuckin wife, oh my god captain marvel you're fine as fuck 

As shared by the  Fan FB Page, original artwork from the  sold recently at auction for $21,600.  Beautiful!        

Jut had an incredible chat with  Be sure you check out tomorrow's episode to hear all about , catching lightning in a bottle creatively and the power of open collaboration among talented creators! 

What Marvel movie would you watch now if you could? #marvel #captainmarvel #avengers #spiderman #avengers4 #GuardiansOfTheGalaxy

Why can’t y’all just leave well enough alone?   Let Brie Larson be and let fans have our moment with    Gtfoh with this shit fam. 

1. Captain Marvel 2. Aladdin 3. Avengers 4 4. Spider-Man: Far From Home 5. Dumbo 6. Ralph Breaks the Internet 7. The Lion King 8. Mary Poppins Returns 9. Jungle Cruise 10. Toy Story 4 And 11. Star Wars: Episode IX

Sit down eat your food. Stan Lee was NEVER racist. He wanted marvel to be for everybody not just one type of people. He created black panther, Mantis, Captain Marvel, Falcon, Ms. Marvel, ETC. he created superhero’s that defines all races. He was a visionary.  thank you, next

I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/mFfRrNB5N9s?a  Captain MARVEL Energy Charge-Up in After Effects!

You probably didn't miss the Captain Marvel trailer, but what about the trailer for the "R-rated spin on Home Alone" or the trailer for a movie about a Nigerian email scammer? (via )

Since the new "Captain Marvel" trailer came out, at least 7 people have hit me in the face then said, "Now THAT'S how you punch an old lady."


Congrats on landing the role of Captain Marvel! Can you get me some cast autographs? (I remember when you had those exact bangs.)

Check out my comic book show where I review  #55,  #11, Life of  #3, West Coast  #2, Return of  #1, The Amazing  Annual #1, Strangers in Paradise XXV #6, X-Men Gold #36, and more  

Or more specifically ! :)   Coulson’s return is definitely confirmed in Captain Marvel. Would be nice to see AoS folks in A4 as well.  Nick Fury + Maria Hill, at the end of Avengers 2, could have brought a few AoS friends with them. Missed opportunity! 

just love how dudebros praised sebastian stan’s blank-face acting in tws (which was there for a reason) yet criticise brie larson for the same thing in the captain marvel trailer despite there being a very similar reason for their facial expressions

   cancels !  bringing  to TV!    news!   Plus, a  of the  pilot on the  and more!    approved!http://traffic.libsyn.com/jockandnerd/JAN244.mp3?dest-id=322317 …

Full set of this shoot is going to be on my patreon this month! Click the link in my bio! Who else loved the captain marvel trailer?! I cant wait to see the movie!! Comment your thoughts on the trailer!!     

#CaptainMarvel How long until the premier of the #Shazam movie?  I created a handy-dandy count-down timer that lets you know!  http://ow.ly/QzeJ30msEFU

Since  is going to take place in 1995, I would really love it if  got a reference since the franchise was really was a big hit back in the day. The fact the the show is still running since 1993 is amazing to me.

What I would give to own these pieces of original Captain Marvel art for Power of Shazam! by .  These are pieces of history.


I must add that that's an image of the official teaser poster as framed/mounted and displayed at a movie theater.  The marketing has begun. She's on her way #CaptainMarvel

marvel: *releases captain marvel trailer*  marvel: loki and wanda will have a tv series  marvel: *will premiere daredevil in less than a month*  marvel: *will release ant-man and the wasp on blu-ray*  someone: *released a4 leaks*  marvel: *will release dark phoenix trailer*  me: 

Fresh Restart Week 29 Previews: Uncanny X-Men #1, Ironheart #1, Infinity Wars Infinity Warps #1, Black Order #1, Captain Marvel Prelude #1, Vault Of Spiders #2, Unstoppable Wasp #2, Fantastic Four #3, The Avengers #10, Captain… 

I don't think people grasp how hard it is for a film to actually hit 1 billion. It's not some easy feat to do. I also don't want those expectations to be created for Captain Marvel. Captain Marvel is a SOLO film and would be a hit if it made 600ish MIL worldwide TBH. That's fine.

#CaptainMarvel Trailer Released in between the days gap of 171..  #Avengers4 170 Days More.. Still waiting for trailer

RIP. The king of Superheros. Thanks for your great service. World never forget you. You are always my hero. The real hero.    

Me in the theatre watching Captain Marvel during the Stan Lee cameo and when the credits start with "In memory of Stan Lee" 

Dudes running stills of captain marvel through the face app to literally MAKE her smile all need to be screened for sociopathic tendencies. Bro just be NORMAL, the fuck is wrong with you?

A new origin story comes to life in THE LIFE OF CAPTAIN MARVEL #4 from writer , and it's one you will not forget!   

next week is gonna be SUCH A GREAT WEEK FOR COMICS!!!!!!! SHURI #1, THOR #6, THE LIFE OF CAPTAIN MARVEL #4??? WHAT THE FUJDJSHDHDHD

Hey  want to share my tribute art of your  character. Loved the trailer and can not wait to see this film, you are fantastic and its going to rock!!! Hope you dig my interpretation.  

y’all I have not spoken up for WEEKS about this but every time I see a captain marvel ad with Brie Larson on it I’ve been like “that’s not Brie fuckin Larson but ok!!!” because everyone agrees it’s Brie Larson?! just realized I was thinking of Allison Brie this entire time.

about 10 irl friends, some cousins and other family, and my dad, have messaged me excitedly about captain marvel. they know who to come to . carol herself appointed me. i accept this responsibility 

RIP dear Stan Lee; the real Captain Marvel! I will miss your much-awaited cameos on MCU films... Excelsior!   12.28.1922 - 11.12.2018


MICK AND EMMA AND I ALL FREAKING OUT OVER THE CAPTAIN MARVEL TRAILER ON RABBIT EVEN THO WEVE ALL SEEN IT A MILLION TIMES, IS A BIG MOOD

If the A4 trailer came out and then two weeks later the new Captain Marvel trailer came out, would they seem too close together on the timeline?

2019 we gettin:  Avengers 4 Lion King Toy Story 4 Kingdom Hearts 3 Game of Thrones Season 8 Spider-Man Far From Home Brooklyn 99 Season 6 Men in Black Detective Pikachu Star Wars 9 Zombieland 2 IT Chapter 2 Shazam LEGO Movie 2 Captain Marvel Joker Pokémon Switch The Last of Us 2 

Preparing for NYCC! Man it's so close now  anyway hope you enjoy my rendition of Captain marvel!    https://www.instagram.com/p/BoILQ8Ki4RJ/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=1kc9pqqtywsuv …

Rock Band featuring Jessica Drew, Carol Danvers, Natasha Romanoff, and Sharon Carter. Who does what in the band? (Art by )     Society  

We're absolutely in love with this  piece from ! Hey , you need to get this guy drawing Carol for you ASAP!!

New update from the Disney Parks Blog! Captain Marvel Touches Down at Disney California Adventure Park in Early 2019: Early next year, Super Hero fans will flash back to the ‘90s when “Captain Marvel” opens in theaters on March 8, 2019, and for a limited…  

Dc stans keep getting pressed about Captain Marvel and Brie Larson and the movie HASN'T EVEN COME OUT YET. LMAO this movie will be a HUGE success and that's why gal stans are afraid sdfgjksh  

the writer of the life of captain marvel is literally a tony stan ashajsks, no wonder we keep getting good caroltony content in there 

Take a closer look at the '90s nostalgia, digital de-aged Nick Fury and @brielarson action at the center of the #CaptainMarvel trailer http://thr.cm/xQagCP

Wednesday mid-afternoon question:  Who is your favorite cosmic superhero(es)?  --Green Lantern (which one)? --Space Cabbie? --Quasar --Phyla-Vell? --Captain Marvel? --Vril Dox? --Silver Surfer? --Firelord? --Adam Warlock? --Moondragon? --Someone not listed?

yesterday when my english teacher was looking for something to watch because it was our last English lesson before the spring holidays; i yelled out “pLaY tHe CAptAin MaRvEL trAiLer CoAwrDs” and the whole row of people behind me clapped.

NEW ! This week it’s an avalanche of  news with , , , the  trailer and more! Get it on ITunes/Apple Podcasts, Spotify or:     

LEAKED CAPTAIN MARVEL SCRIPT  cap m: wow u r bad let's fight  bad guy: haha ok lol   *fighting*  bab guy: wow u figt like a gurl lul   Cuptan marv: um duh. and now im gunna hecking kill u.   *cm does big star power punch*   Bad man: am ded   Funny friend character: haha big oof



I know absolutely nothing about Captain Marvel, but if we’re giving senior superlatives I’d vote her “most likely to never return my texts about hanging out at Chilis.”

Captain Marvel cover sample--with and without mock text. Really enjoyed this one, can't wait to see  take Carol to the stars!       

    Just a few pictures from October 2018 comiccon.  Pictures of us both with  , and me as   with  (  ) and    and  !


Captain Marvel explores the MCU in the 1990s - but it's not the only time Marvel has tackled the decade:  

“brie larson showed no emotion during the captain marvel trailer !!!11! she’s gonna be awful!!1!1” nah maybe a) it’s a 2 minute trailer which showed hardly anything and b) brie was shown for like seconds at a time in scenes w no context. shut the fuck up& wait for the film maybe? 

I feel like the MCU Train is riding on risky tracks.  Each Station representing a Marvel movie; it'll gain momentum with #CaptainMarvel and #Avengers4 etc. but at some point we gotta hit #GuardiansOfTheGalaxyV3 and stall or - derail.  #RehireJamesGunn #NoGunnNoGuardians

I have a feeling that Captain Marvel will end up being a way cooler and better character in Avengers 4 than in her own solo. It just seems that way for some reason. That's how I felt about Dr Strange. He was meh in his own film but GREAT in Infinity War imo.

Quake called Captain Marvel Cap. And she taught her everything she knows    (Yesss I’m just now watching marvel rising)

Avengers Infinity War 2 considering Captain Marvel will be the main muscle facing Thanos. Not to mention that after that it will be a slippery slope however in the MCU it will be a harder fall since the Superheroe movies trend is passing, meaning they will lose a lot of audience.

If Marvel don't fully milk that sweet 90's nostalgia and release #CaptainMarvel on video, it'll be an opportunity missed.

We got a  costume for my daughter for Halloween, but being zipped up in it made her panic. She didn't wear it.  This morning, 2 weeks later, she wanted to put it on. She took it further.  With a messy bed head, she put it on along w/ a Rainbow Dash mask & Batarang 

As rad as Captain Marvel is, I REALLY wish Nick Fury's pager had displayed an acorn at the end of Infinity War.

I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/crj8vtjbo4Y?a  Captain Marvel Teaser - Iron Man Scene Easter Egg Breakdown

Comic book day! Go out and buy the Life of Captain Marvel #3 it's an amazing series. Can't wait to dig into this issue 

Husband: So #CaptainMarvel is set in the 1990s- guess who's co-starring?  Me: ...90s Will Smith?  H: What? No-  M: NOW THIS IS A STORY ALL ABOUT HOW MY LIFE GOT FLIP-TURNED UPSIDE DOWN, CAUSE THANOS SHOWED UP AND KILLED HALF MY FRIENDS, AND NOBODY KNOWS HOW THIS STORY ENDS

“I need to find that again. Like taking a car out into the desert to see how fast it can go, I need to find the edge of me... And maybe, if I fly far enough, I'll be able to turn around and look at the world... And see where I belong.”  

You accused me (a black man) of attending a Klan rally while I'm updating my avatar... after you implied that  disparages  RIGHT when I'm drawing this image. How's it going at the Bad Timing Awards. Hope you win more than a Thanos Drinking Glove. 

Marvel Legends Captain Marvel Series 1 is available for preorder now on  . These are due in January/February of next year.   … https://www.instagram.com/p/BqTW-3aD8gs/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=15if1uwg68dki …

doctor: i was gonna ask if you’re sexually active but-  me [wearing my captain marvel vans with my hulk shirt]: but what


Captain Marvel reshoots are apparently ongoing.   That suit though, and to Coulson, Damn, that hair! 

I really hope they show Captain Marvel in the first trailer to get more people hyped for that movie as much as Avengers 4.

I'm sorry, I don't believe anyone is confusing Captain Marvel and Shazam. Comic nerds know the difference and no one else has the awareness of either to get them mixed up.

the air lock, Captain Marvel gave a salute to her and Wendy. "I'm off to get us some help. Hail Captain Bar-Konn and the Guardians."  With that, CM took off like a rocket to the place she knew of near by assistance. Avengers Tower.  The danger now (9/13)

“what is it about the Captain Marvel trailer that’s inspiring so many bad takes”  HMM, YES, I WONDER WHAT IT COULD BE.

PLCC FC 5-1 Nelson  @georgecraven  @jasonf11  Anton Jolley   Great result against Capitol Cup holders   Led by Captain Marvel @Sean77Woods

I’m almost positive Captain Marvel and Avengers 4 are done filming so we haven’t seen the last of him yet!

I don’t care what anyone says, but I’m totally watching  for my birthday. I got so excited when I saw the trailer on Disney Channel. I can’t wait to see  in action as this powerful superhero!   

u’r stuck in a land where u can only watch the same 5 movies for the rest d ur life; choose these 5 — ocean's 8, carol, thor: ragnarok, captain marvel (i know it's not out yet but whatever), atomic b... https://curiouscat.me/GAYS0NLYEVENT/post/657750059?1537661554 …

Favorite strength feat of Captain Marvel/Shazam? — Currently it's the time he beat up a monster who had just absorbed the powers of Superman, elongated man, aquaman and m… https://curiouscat.me/TalkingShazam/post/696404823?t=1541288907 …

Wow, love that captain marvel tunic. These photos are fantastic. You rock!  Also, it is kinda awesome that this person in the background looks like  as played by  from .  I want to go to where all this is happening.


 In  Adventures #87 (May 28, 1948*) we have a great story entitled "Captain Marvel and The Electron Thief!"  Captain Marvel battles villain Alec Tronn.  Alec Tronn is the CEO of Electron Corporation and has taken control of the... 

You just want a date with Taylor. We all do. Just because my accent is awesome doesn't mean you should believe everything I say.  Also I'm really not into horror movies, when is Captain Marvel released?

Such a heartfelt trailer. I think I need to rewatch the animated one. Just a question for much later on. I'm curious, when you do get to see the movie, should it have been released where Nutcracker was instead of in between Captain Marvel and Avengers 4?

Captain Marvel's mom is played by Annette Bening.  So... why haven't we seen her? Possible SPOILERS ahead.    

Hi new followers! I’m tryin rurl hard not to be depressed about humanity and you’re helping with all your excitement for Carol. Hope to see lots of #CaptainMarvel cosplay tomorrow!

I'm gonna watch Captain Marvel bc Marvel puts out dope movies but I am not feeling this movie and character at all. I don't care how good the promotion tour is.

Avengers #10, Black Order #1, Captain Marvel Prelude #1, Fantastic Four #3, Infinity Warps #1, Thor #7, Uncanny X-Men #1 + Vault of Spiders #2. 

omg ok so I don't know why, but I LOVE movie trailers. some of my faves are:  -ocean's 8, specifically the 1st one -42 -black panther -captain marvel -the big short  like I watched the trailers repeatedly. and will still go back and watch them. they're just. riveting? 

||It makes me mad that Phyla hasn't even been in sixty issues. Like, seriously? She was so underused and had a terrible death. Marvel needs to bring her back. Preferably as Quasar or with the Nega-Bands and some other code name. Like Photon or *cough* Captain Marvel *cough*|| 

Depressingly the one thing I know I’ll miss most tonight when I see CR07 is being reminded of ‘that feeling’ you get when a player like Captain Marvel,Sparky,Eric,Giggs,Scholes,DB07 or CR07 picks up the ball and you know something is going to happen and it was quite often A GOAL.

Superman would arrive and Captain Marvel would just be finishing up. "Sorry, Sup. You're a day late and a dollar short."

2019 Disney:  Aladdin Toy Story 4 Captain Marvel Avengers 4 Star Wars Episode IX Dumbo Frozen 2 Jungle Cruise The Lion King  wow.


infinity war was already mind blowing but imagine avengers 4?? with captain marvel, valkyrie, scott and clint this time, and everyone else again? how are we gonna survive this

not avengers 4? or lion king. cause those are being paid (also captain marvel bc my friend and i have to watch mcu films together)

SO once again had an awesome time on the Drawn and Quartered Stream hosted by , and MCed by master orator   Subject this week was"Captain marvel - any incarnation.  Shout out  for the win!  Enjoy that, for now... :D  HEre's the one I did. Enjoy

I’m gonna cry so hard when I see the cameos of Stan in Captain Marvel and avengers 4 movies shsjebsvdk

THEY PLAYED THE CAPTAIN MARVEL TRAILER BEFORE THE MOVIE STARTED AND MY HEART WAS BEATING SO FAST SKSKDJ SHE’S REALLY COMING TO SAVE US

Avengers 4 trailer leaks: Description includes LOKI, the Kree, Captain Marvel and Ronin https://newspaper-report.today/2018/10/avengers-4-trailer-leaks-description-includes-loki-the-kree-captain-marvel-and-ronin/ …


kamala: hey! this is my boyfriend miles, and this is miles’s boyfriend sam captain marvel: the thing about youth culture is i dont understand it

Our next Jewish creator, Carl Burgos. A writer & artist, most know for creating the original Human Torch. He created a number of other heroes for Timely/Marvel, such as the Thunderer, & for other publishers. In 1966, he created another short lived new hero named “Captain Marvel.” 

Stan made such a difference in the world. It'll be bittersweet seeing his cameos on Captain Marvel and Avengers 4. RIP, Stan. :(

"brie larson liked your tweet" oh mY GOD? OH MY GOD. OH MY GOD! I LOVE YOU BRIE AND I'M SO SO THANKFUL YOU'RE PLAYING CAPTAIN MARVEL, WHO'S LIKE YOU, AN ICON. YOU'RE INSPIRING SO MANY LITTLE GIRLS OUT THERE   AND WOMEN LIKE ME TOO. 

LEAKED AVENGERS 4 Photos Reveal New Costumes, Captain Marvel, And A Low-Res Look At Hawkeye As Ronin 

Good read if you wanna learn more about Captain Marvel and the upcoming MCU movie. I hope it does well. I love how she is written in the comics. If that comes through in the film, she’ll be a great addition to the Avengers. 

Now that the trailers for Captain Marvel and Dark Phoenix are out, we can't help but notice how much the movies have in common:  

The current state of the marvel fandom   The people arguing about  not showing emotion or talking enough  The people who want James Gunn to come back   The people arguing about whose the better captain   The  stans (jim) who finally have some good news after IW

Captain Marvel: Cast Gathers For Planned Reshoots In New Set Photos   https://lrmonline.com/?p=122460 pic.twitter.com/01K2aFDHsV

2019 we are getting season 4, captain marvel, avengers 4, Spider-Man and some of us are going to be meeting the Lucifer cast

Disney movies set for release in 2019:  -Captain Marvel -Avengers 4 -Aladdin -Toy Story 4 -Spider-Man: Far From Home -The Lion King -Frozen 2 -Star Wars Episode IX  Who’s ready?!

I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://youtu.be/P9qRQlX_TnE?a  CAPTAIN MARVEL AND KAASHI - IN SEARCH OF GANGA TRAILER REVIEW

Yeah captain marvel, Avengers Annihilation, And far from home are already done filming. That definitely means they include stan lee cameos. But even in death, Lee will never have an omitted movie cameo.

นาฬิกาใหม่ใน collection ของ Marvel Invicta! Captain Marvel, Venom, Black Panther Ant-man and The Wasp! ราคาตั้งแต่ 500-200 us$  

This is what I call Character Branding. Captain Marvel isn't on this bag, but the colors + iconography of the character inform you it's hers. This is design + marketing. There's a formula to this. We've been using it at . It's dope. Let me explain.

Summer 2019 is bringing so many exciting movies. Captain Marvel? Hell yeah. Toy Story 4? HELL yeah. Detective Pikachu? SIGN ME THE FUCK UP.

'Shazam!' Star Zachary Levi Explains Comparisons To Tom Hanks' 'Big' via /r/captainmarvel https://ift.tt/2CrLrRo

brb, crying real quick over that part in the Captain Marvel trailer where all of the hers keep standing back up again, I'm good, brb, brb

strongest avengers in the mcu (my opinion)  1. captain marvel  2. thor  3. scarlet witch 4. doctor strange  5. hulk

In the wake of Stan's passing I felt compelled to go back to some of my favorite comics tonight.        

I think I’m gonna cry even more when I see Stan lee in captain marvel and IWP2 knowing it’s his last cameo  #RIPStan

Captain Marvel is definitely not going to hit that billion dollar mark like Black Panther. It’s going to lean towards Ant-Man and the Wasp numbers. As of right now I’m guessing $750 million.

You know you are AoS trash when you are more excited to see Coulson in Captain Marvel than Captain Marvel....

”Mom can we take a picture with  ?”  Um, yeah! Strick your best  pose!   these girls are so excited to see you!

Blah, blah blah. The original & TRUE Captain Marvel was male. Subsequent versions are bogus ripoffs.

I'm still behind on , and while I likely won't catch up, I'm going to keep working to the end and see how far I get :)  To that end, here's #9 - Captain Marvel.  Some of the lines I'm not happy about, but overall I like this one :) 

"Captain Marvel needs to SMILE. She lacks CHARISMA." Are we gonna ignore what happened the last time we forced a character to smile? 

I'm being called back to the 90s by  so feeling the Captain Marvel vibes. https://www.instagram.com/p/Bo65-uFjAaj/?utm_source=ig_share_sheet&igshid=idulwd52aan6 …

I fell in love with @brielarson in Hoot! It's one of my favorite books and when I saw the movie I was in awe of how great Brie was as Beatrice. My first girl crush. Still love the movie, can't wait for Captain Marvel because I feel yet again she is perfect for it! #CaptainMarvel

GGGGOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLLL  And it’s captain marvel Jooooobbbbbbbbiiiiiiii McAnuffffffffffffff equalising for  1-1

RETWEET IF YOU WANT TO JOIN A FILIPINO MARVEL GROUP CHAT   - must stan marvel (obviously) - be nice and have your dms open  - willing to watch captain marvel/avengers 4 together  - no hate, just crack  - kinda selective  - making at 20 rts  - if flopped, never happened 

The captain marvel trailer has more dislikes on YouTube then the Venom trailer — Yeah because dumbasses don’t understand the character (CM) lol https://curiouscat.me/razazafar00/post/659391826?1537807764 …

I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://youtu.be/VWHCeLLKL9A?a  CAPTAIN MARVEL- Official Trailer REACTION!!

what’s your favorite marvel movie — captain marvel https://curiouscat.me/marvelame/post/665433308?1538350865 …

AHHHH!!! I am SO EXCITED FOR THIS MOVIE. Captain Marvel is by far a fav. Check out my reaction to the new... http://youtu.be/SbkdnE7iOnw?a

Not crazy about the new Captain Marvel retcon. I'm not pissed about it since I'm not a big fan of the character, but it makes her less unique IMO. She kinda seems to be more like Superman now.

Marvel Monday: Captain Marvel. I’ve been holding onto this one since the trailer came out so I thought I’d go ahead and post it since I’m busy with other things.   

Captain Marvel meet and greet coming to Disney Cruise Line in 2019. Did you know all Disney movies debut on the cruise line the same day they hit theaters?  

Star Wars IX, X-Men Dark Phoenix, Shazam, Captain Marvel, Avengers 4, Spiderman: Far from Home are all set to be released next year   hay tagal mag-2019


Ranked all current (Non Guardians) MCU heroes. Come at me... 1. Captain Marvel 2. Doctor Strange 3. Scarlet Witch 4. Thor 5. Hulk 6. Iron Man 7. Spiderman 8. Captain America 9. Black Panther 10. Winter Soldier 11. Black Widow 12. Wasp 13. Ant-Man 14. Hawkeye

(Rusty knows that Chewie isn’t exactly a cat, but he doesn’t care. He can’t wait to watch  - & can’t wait to get a happy home where he can lounge around. He’s a senior cat w/ FIV who’s been waiting for months & needs a hero - adopt:   or RT! 

124 days until Captain Marvel  180 days until Avengers 4  243 days until Spider-Man 2  Dear Marvel Fan, How You Feeling? 

The Nerds Bros Geek Show   - This episode of The Nerd Bro Geek Show is all about !   The anticipations, expectations, and speculations of the movie that will bring the infinite universe of Marvel together before one last show down with Thanos 

Fawcett was ahead of its time on many things.  More than a decade before Oa had a sector 2814, the United Worlds in Captain Marvel's universe had Earth located in Sector Z, Zone 88B. 

bitch.....i'm so sad i misssed the mitski concert tonight, cause mitski and also brie larson aka captain marvel was there.....................................

What's the last movie Stan Lee cameod in before his death? Captain Marvel? Avengers 4? Guess we'll find out soon

Order for marvel movie trailers Avengers 4 #1 trailer (nov) Spiderman ffh #1 trailer (dec) Captain marvel #2 trailer  Avengers 4 #2 trailer  Spiderman ffh #2 trailer

Apparently I was in a trading card buying frenzy in the early 90s.  Going through my collection & I found these. I have no idea what they are. Can any1 fill me in on my purchase? Also  does the Kree StarForce Card get me an advance screening of Captain Marvel? 

I’m emotional already thinking about watching captain marvel and seeing stan lee’s cameo. There’s gonna be a cheer or applause in the theater I can feel it


The first Captain Marvel was created by Stan Lee & Gene Colan while the second iteration was made by Roger Stern & John Romita Jr.   The movie will be based off the second iteration onwards. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Captain_Marvel_(Mar-Vell) …

I think #Starfire and #CaptainMarvel would be great together as a crossover ship! — I don’t like captain marvel that much I would rather have kory with Diana maybe https://curiouscat.me/gadotaylor/post/685963429?1540319379 …

Check out  original CC Beck  artwork up for auction!! https://twitter.com/hakesauctions/status/1060570221109493761?s=21 …

Pretty dope interview plus Captain Marvel trailers from last week's  Show! Catch up before the fire we drop this week

I love DC more in every way outside of the current movies, so Into the Spiderverse, Captain Marvel, and Avengers 4 for me

Check out  Collectible Vinyl Figures Lady Thor Lady Captain Marvel Batgirl DC Comics Hero #Funko https://ebay.us/t7G0sk  via @eBay


Serving you some  goodness  What’d you guys think of the trailer?!  I reacted to it on today’s twitch stream but omg ITS SO GOOOD!! 

Bonus Halloween countdown cover!  Whiz Comics #133 (May 1951), cover by  Pete Costanza.  Captain Marvel becomes a witch! 

Captain Marvel and Supergirl.  The title is "The Captain's and The Kryptonian's Guide to the Galaxy". 


If you know someone who's a Brie Larson look-alike and needs a job (yeah, right...), Disneyland probably is interested in hiring her now.

Discover what makes her a hero  { I spent today hand stitching this jacket because I am HYPE for Captain Marvel  This took about 3 1/2 hours total } 

Hello, Everyone!  ICYMI, the latest episode of  is now available via  YouTube channel,  And it's all about  merchandise!  YouTube:  


#FavConMemory saluting @kellysue with over two dozen other Captain Marvel cosplayers to celebrate the end of her run and thank her for her inspiring work on the book

A bit of both.   Carol Danvers () for me.  - Challenges gender expectations - Defies stereotypes - Very competitive - Geek - Introverted - Doesn't dwell on failures - Struggled w/ self-doubt - Makes mistakes, learns from them - Gets knocked down, stands back up

So, after , there will be  Scarlet Witch Captain Marvel Falcon Vision War Machine Black Panther   in the roster.  Think they'll add any others? 

I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/1YFslZcxQXc?a  CAPTAIN MARVEL Weird Trailer | FUNNY SPOOF PARODY by Aldo Jones

  SSNP #262 | Look at Her, She’s the Captain Now |  Amid much fanfare, Disney has released first looks are trailers for two upcoming films starring super-heroines: Marvel Studios’ “Captain Marvel” and “Mary https://wp.me/p6N4bi-13w?utm_source=ReviveOldPost&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=ReviveOldPost … #podsincolor

for the new captain marvel series i’m not gonna know how to read i’m just gonna look at the pictures and that’s it

most anticipated movie(s) of 2019? — joker, it chapter 2 and captain marvel. https://curiouscat.me/galensdeathstar/post/680358830?1539794758 …

intellects: hey guys wanda is a nazi, shes ungrateful and unapologetic, shes supposed to be a romani-jew instead of whities  mcu wendy stans: STAN TWITTER TOLD US "you ugly fucking bitch???? you racist whore i hate you you stan a nazi you racist piece of shit stan captain marvel-

Today I am THE Agent of the Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division: Phillip J. Coulson!  The takeaway of Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. for me is that Agent Coulson is S.H.I.E.L.D. Can’t wait to see  back in action as Coulson in Captain Marvel! 

watching again, thor:the dark world (because of the geek war), then i see captain marvel logo on maliketh armour.. .  maliketh is a kree? yeah, maybe he look like one..

With the Skrulls being introduced in Captain Marvel soon & rumors of Clint Barton making a return, it sounds like Avengers 4 might see more mysterious character reveals than a Scooby-Doo cartoon!

before the movie they played the captain marvel trailer and at the end of the trailer when it was silent me and hayley started clapping and it was SO FUNNY bc the cinema was so full and we were the only ones clapping

 TAKING OVER FEBRUARY! A LOT OF VARIANTS FEATURING OUR HERo! As  says in the Solicits - “DONT MISS THE STRONGEST AND MIGHTIEST HERO OF ALL”

Spider-Man , Winter Soldier, Dr. Strange and Captain Marvel ! The  will reunite and send Thanos to hell and we can eat the victory shawarma!        

is peter going to meet captain marvel because this kid was blown out of the waters by bucky having a metal arm can you even imagine him when he finds out she's the strongest avenger

When you’re sad that Stan Lee’s dead but you suddenly think of how f*cking loud the audience will be when his last cameos happen in Captain Marvel, Far From Home and A4 

Some guy made a stupid tweet suggesting that Captain Marvel should smile more, and apparently that’s all it takes to write an entire article designed to sum up Comicsgate as a hate campaign.  

Raise your hand if you think Simone is actually gonna show up as Captain Marvel and save everyone from Thanos instead of Brie Larson

I little more work on my “Captain Marvel” drawing.  I’m wrapping up vfx work on the “Aquaman” film today and starting up on “Captain Marvel” next week. I am pretty excited. It will be my first MCU movie. I’m excited to have more time to draw as well.   

the screen fades to black leaving the imprinted image of the city on fire; what were left questioning: Where is captain marvel? who’s brie larson? the avengers are doomed against thanos with out her. The cutscene slowly begins to fade in and we are presented with one image 


Captain Marvel doesn't need to be smiling. But you know who does?  Superman.  Nobody bitched that Superman, the most winkingest, smilingest superhero around, wasn't smiling.

Next trailer is "Avengers 4 Teaser Trailer" not 2nd trailer for Captain Marvel according to the boss Kevin Feige. 

Why Nick Fury Didn’t Call Captain Marvel Until Thanos' Infinity War Snap https://buff.ly/2QIshud  vía @CinemaBlend

I'd love to see you do Firestorm for DC, Captain Marvel Carol Danvers for Marvel, and I think you'd do a badass old school Prophet at image! I still love your Death's Head II, though! One of my all-time favorites!

So @brielarson , is she just heartless, dumb or she didn't give a fuck about #StanLee ?  #captainmarvel #mcu

watch me crying like a baby cuándo salga al principio de avengers 4 y captain marvel "in memory of Stan Lee", bueno y cuándo salga él en sus dos últimos cameos y


FAMILIA!!! Dinner with Billy Batson, yup Captain Marvel himself and his awesome wife Stacy  I’m about that DC life..    my favorite ginger  life is good.

Going through what books I’m excited for on NCBD & it’s BIG: X-men Black Mystique, What if? Ghost Rider, Unstoppable Wasp, thor, Shuri, Runaways, mr and Ms x, Weapon Hex, life of Captain Marvel, marvel zombies, Astonishing X-men, Teen Titans, Lucifer, JL, JLD, Batman, & Aquaman

 is filming right next to my gym, which I only figured out after some hacker-level Googling of last names and first initials. Shout out to the PA who told me they were filming a mayonnaise commercial you're doing a good job   

But here's a question which I have. If there's really 5 years between IW and A4, then where has Captain Marvel been that whole time? Surely it won't take her 5 years to answer her pager. Will we get a proper explanation for this in Captain Marvel/A4 because it's really bugging me

Are we talking "thrown under a bus" Deaths, like Teen Titans in a Johns crossover, or "Death of Captain Marvel" death stories?



ALSO i’m so annoyed with all the mcu twitter drama when captain marvel comes out can we all just not fight and support the movie PLEASE! let’s be nice 

So yh, 2018 is taking this legend down with it RIP STAN LEE...guess we wouldnt be seeing you in captain marvel 

brie is literally the sweetest person thank you for being our captain marvel and spreading positivity and love 

Finally dawned on me that DL might not get a Captain Marvel meet because they can't legally use the name "Marvel" in the marketing or names of anything in the parks. Whoops. 

Just watched the #WednesdayClub episode about @kellysue and my wallet is upset with me after my mini-shopping spree. Now I need to decide what I start with...Pretty Deadly, Captain Marvel, Bitch Planet? Tough decisions ahead.

AAA TOMORROW!  Before CAROL DANVERS takes flight in 2019, immerse yourself in this all-new adventure! Spinning out of the mysterious events of Avengers: Infinity War, NICK FURY and MARIA HILL set off on lifeordeath missions that lead directly to the appearance of ! 

So...my love for  is so intense, that my husband, knowing this, searched high and low for this autographed photo of  and got it for me. If you hear screaming somewhere in the world tonight...it's me...still freaking out!  

The last cameo of Stan Lee we'll see is in Captain Marvel and Avengers 4  and it's gonna pinch my heart each time.

Halmerend 5 - 0 Gardeners FC  Did someone say top of the table clash? Who’d of thought it!  A cagey first half but goals from   and a hat trick from captain marvel  sealed an emphatic statement  MOTM:    Special thanks to big Kev

It's hard to tell what's gonna be good these days. This of course has a lot of potential but you never can quite tell. Life is like a box of chocolates. I'm excited for this though         

also: before it started they played the captain marvel trailer!!! i got to see it on the big screen, love that

With Captain Marvel being set in the 90s, what kind of music do you think will be in the film? The NIN shirt she wears indicates that maybe it’ll be more hardcore than what we’re used to with Marvel movies. What do you guys think? @sjnews @RothCornet @joestarr187 #fanfriday

Marvel Studios’ Illustrator Reveals ‘Captain Marvel’ Concept Art Behind The Film -  https://designtaxi.com/news/401812/Marvel-Studios-Illustrator-Reveals-Captain-Marvel-Concept-Art-Behind-The-Film/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+designtaxi_news+%28TAXI+Daily+News%29 …

Just think of how many old ladies Captain Marvel can punch across 7 movies... https://cnet.co/2yxxgWN

 Via Instagram   { Follow Me For More}          https://www.instagram.com/p/BqPZaAYn9I7/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=13j7vk3zxa7s7 …

Captain Marvel joins Marvel Season of Super Heroes at Disneyland Paris. (March 23 to June 16, 2019)   

Thank you to the military families, STEM students and all the other cuties who came out to the space museum to see the captain marvel trailer in IMAX. Amazed that anyone would want to see my face that large. 

"Carol Danvers believed she was alone in this world..." This is SUCH an important moment in 's life. It's never too late to find out about your past, about who you are and how you came to be. Thanks  for this series, paving the way for  in 2019

Do you think we will see more elseworlds DC movies going forward? I am a big DC fan but the DCEU versions of the characters are either not recognizable or based on comic takes I dont really like, dying for a more classic Justice League, Aquaman & Captain Marvel 

Stan Lee you will be always in our hearts and our TV just hope they got your scene done for Captain Marvel #StanLee #RIPStanLee #

But was this corruption one that he chose..?  PNNKT! The Kingdom Key was slung, clashing with Captain Marvel’s mighty knee, sparks of metal and lightning flashing bright enough to blind most whom watched their bout. UNFORTUNATELY for Sora, that time limit mentioned earlier had —

days-until-avengers-4: 173 days until avengers 4 117 days until Captain Marvel 237 days until Spider-Man... https://tmblr.co/Z0bHEx2dfzq8S

Daredevil is coming back  Captain Marvel trailer   setting records   What a time to be a marvel fan.

I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/6zBha3D-HQk?a  "Captain Marvel Memes" - Mildly Amusing But Super Funny. Marvel & DC

i went to the movies earlier and the captain marvel trailer played and seeing it on the big screen was amazing, i literally got chills i can’t wait to see the whole thing. 

What's crazy is that in the new Captain Marvel trailer they had to use motion capture software to create a believable looking Blockbuster.

I could sworn the most recent Captain Marvel series has Carol go to an alternate reality where Phyla looked like that...

My fears about Captain Marvel is that we've already had a film with a hero falling from the sky and stuck in the desert with SHIELD...it was called Thor 1. ...well, that and amnesia plotlines tend to suck.

Since the  film is set in the 1990s, on this chronological list, it should occur before the first  movie. Oops.

Happy birthday ! Wishing you a marvelous birthday! Such an inspirational figure, our one and only   

The new Skrull figure from Captain Marvel is on sale at  eBay store!https://www.ebay.com/itm/Lego-Super-Heroes-Captain-Marvel-Skrull-76127-Marvel-Avengers-Minifigure/253979546589?hash=item3b225c53dd:g:b6wAAOSwzThb61bf:rk:1:pf:0 …

The guys reflect on the Captain Marvel Trailer, Arizona Circle, and a new game app in Episode 154! http://youtu.be/45lMAJ8vUpk?a

Captain Marvel isn’t the type of movie that you get hyped for, it’s just a movie, however, Avengers 4 is another thing, things will actually happen in A4.

Haize discusses the  verdict +   trailer and welcomes artist/author  to talk about her book "Fly Bird Sing".  has the Unpopular Opinion +   has The Petty News.        https://player.whooshkaa.com/episode?id=278891 …

i was at target today after i got a haircut because i love target and the salon is right next to it and u know the technology section right? with the tvs? yeah? well every damn time i got to target they play the captain marvel trailer and i cry in the middle of target love that


What’s so great about I’ll Never Love Again is that it’s unabashedly sung and filmed like the ultimate 90s Golden Age of Pop Divas anthem. Celine arms! Whitney intensity! Mariah notes! Please also play this at the end of Captain Marvel.

Can you imagine how life would have been without these? Marvel?  AVENGERS Spider-Man Wolverine Iron Man Thor Fantastic Four Hulk Black Panther Captain Marvel  Ant-Man Goblin Daredevil Doctor Doom Nick Fury Inhumans Magneto   Thank you Stan Lee for everything #StanLeeForever

I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/shhKS7MNXYw?a  Drawing Captain Marvel (Brie Larson) | Time-lapse Speed Drawing |

Poppy's song "Get Back Up Again" from Trolls, the Captain Marvel trailer, and "Tubthumping" by Chumbawumba all have the same energy.

Did I already talk my girlfriend into cosplaying MCU Captain Marvel?  Yes. Am I using it as another reason to cosplay Captain America? Yes. Am I excited to cosplay the Captains of the MCU together? Heck yes.


FASTEST TRAILER TO HIT 1M LIKES IN THE WORLD  ZERO - 18Hrs.  InfinityWar - 21hrs.  ThugsOfHindostan - 3Days.  CaptainMarvel - 7Days.  Venom - 12Days.  #ZeroFastest50MnOnYT

this whole narrative about people saying carol should have smiled in captain marvel trailer reminds me so much of all  men who catcall me and tell me to smile it's disgusting

I’m talking about this on the podcast this morning, about revealing marketing dates. They REALLY don’t like sites stepping on the feet of the marketing plan (like when the Captain Marvel trailer date was confirmed). 

This pic is off the Russo brothers twitter. Captain marvel is turned away from the group because she didn’t fight the battle, and tony stark is in the middle, alone. He believed that it was his job to protect everyone around him, he couldn’t do that, and that kills him 

mcu stans yelling about how good captain marvel will be for rep while ignoring jessica jones' existence 


Carl, per usual, putting on a clinic.   I said on my last episode that Captain Marvel fans know, regardless of how good the Shazam movie is (and I'm rooting for its success), it could have been even better if they'd just used the classic concept. 

Wow -  backs away from a fight with , moving to more than a year away with a new 2020 release date... BREAKDOWN: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K-3meMLRklA …

Marvel VP says to fans: No one’s wants the old stories. "They might thin... https://youtu.be/Vp8hf78CW88  via @YouTube #ABC #CBS #NBC @MarvelMusicInc #BBC #NPR #NYT #WSJ #USAToday #GMA #LATimes @Disney #Disney #Marvel @Marvel @MarvelAOSFc @captainmarvel @MarvelStudios @MarvelSupport


RT if u stan:  b99 antman (and the wasp) scope captain marvel avengers the gifted  van helsing   need followers from these

*Bloggers during DCEU posters and films :   "Why aren't they smiling?"  *Bloggers after Captain Marvel trailer :   "Hero's doesn't need to smile all the time."

Blockbuster Video let people borrow physical copies of media for a certain amount of time, which they would then return before a deadline (or incur a penalty).  There's photographic evidence of them selling the same types of boxes we see on shelves in the Captain Marvel trailer. 

I'm ready for AVENGERS 4 I'm ready for SPIDERMAN FFH I'm ready for CAPTAIN MARVEL I'm ready for IT: CHAPTER TWO I'm ready for ALADDIN I'm ready for THE LION KING I'm ready for DARK PHOENIX I'm ready for TOY STORY 4 I'm ready for WONDER WOMAN 1984 2019 COME FASTER !!

Possible Spoiler Avengers 4 trailer leaks: Description includes Loki, the Kree, Captain Marvel and Ronin. https://www.express.co.uk/entertainment/films/1031451/Avengers-4-trailer-release-date-title-LOKI-Captain-Marvel-Thanos-theories-Ronin … via: @Daily_Express

So... What did everyone think of  Captain Marvel trailer today...?! Art from the cover of my MARVELous Art 3 book, with colors by @neiruffino   studios       

God you know what's gonna fuck me up is the "in memory of Stan Lee" at the end of infinity war part 2 or the captain marvel movie

Carol Danvers/Captain Marvel is not a “resting” bubbly person. Her clenching her fists and not looking happy is on brand for her. Of course, she does have a range of emotions. But shes not the overly bubbly and upbeat type of person.

remember my words captain marvel will help fighting thanos but she wont kill him, it will be thor.  also steve will die and tony (if he doesnt die too) is gonna retire  this is my avengers 4 prediction

Sometimes I think about that glorious day last week when I sent a thousand men on Twitter into a rage spiral by convincing them Captain Marvel is a lesbian with one single headline.

That’s it!  views on ’s YouTube channel officially passed Black Panther’s!  It’s now on the top 10 of the most viewed of their ENTIRE — ENTIRE— catalog!

So if I have this right Captain America is the 1st Avenger Captain Marvel is the 2nd and Iron Man is the 3rd.

This is like the part where so many men think that Captain Marvel should smile more and looks flat in the trailer because they can't parse her actual emotions.  THIS IS THE REAL LIFE CONSEQUENCE OF TEACHING MEN THAT THEY DON'T NEED TO LISTEN TO WOMEN. 

rt to be in a marvel gc  - be lit - let everyone have their opinions :) (just no any disgusting ships) - HYPE UP CAPTAIN MARVEL!! - don't let this flop


from  's tweet   in my house no one fight over who's the best captain! captain marvel is here and she's gonna help the avengers! shut up, enjoy the show, turn off the faucet between usages, and recycle those plastics! oR ELSE 

like neither captain marvel nor anyone else deserves it more than her not even Gamora she should kill him TOGETHER w Nebula but definitely not alone

It’s NCBD AKA NEW COMIC BOOK DAY. Check out the latest episode of Looking Glass where we discussed upcoming books like Killmonger and movie news like Joker & the Captain Marvel trailer SoundCloud:  iTunes: https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/the-barbers-chair-network/id1179234647?mt=2&i=1000420341192 …pic.twitter.com/VNboaaQiRB

I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://youtu.be/RoXbGfTvgvo?a  captain marvel || sweet dreams


I know I’m gonna break down when I go see Captain Marvel or Avengers 4 and they put up the “In memory of Stan Lee” graphic. It’s gonna be ugly. 

I’m not going to be ready for the  “In memory of” at the beginning of the Captain Marvel or Avengers 4 credits now.   Living to 95? That’s an achievement. RIP

What if at the end of the  movie. A Skrull is shown to change into The Red Guardian. And that leads into the Black Widow solo movie. 

Is it too late just to add a scene into  where Carol is walking down the street and some guy yells at her, “Smile!”...  And she just punches him all the way to the moon?  That would be so satisfying.  

I have watched the #CaptainMarvel trailer 500,000 times since it was released. Pls marvel I'm begging you, I need more content my crops are dying.

I think I will call him Shazarrow, or Greenzam, or Marvel Arrow Captain Green.. Mac G for short. I drew him at LA Comic Con today.        

So cool to begin with, and now this... Captain Marvel and Alpha Flight are one my favorite things in modern comics, and this pic just made my week. 


 continues w/ Round 3 Match 1 of the  division w/ a match between the  of , , and .  for a  of the  b4 voting! Quote/comment w/ ur reasoning! 

A wonderful mutual that I am so glad to know!!! I can't wait to see you fangirl over Captain Marvel next year! 

Captain Marvel, IX, Spider-Man. The idea of not have closure for the avengers, just having to piece things together from the next phase movies, is hilarious. 


The latest episode of  is live!  There's never a dull moment hanging with ! We got to talk about what she's been playing, Captain Marvel expectations, Telltale's closure, and SO MUCH MORE. :)  Watch it here:  


The creation of the Carol Danvers-led  series led to a groundbreaking change in comics and in film, and it has unquestionably earned its own place in superhero history. 

In this #MarvelRising: Secret Warriors featurette, @KimRaver takes us behind-the-scenes and answers the question – Who is #CaptainMarvel? https://wp.me/p4m6Fi-bcI


Here's a great   type of  story!  No, there aren't any werewolves, but there is a weretiger!  Captain Marvel  and Mr. Tawny  team up to fight this terrible tiger terror! 

I know why. Because they capitulate in the name of conciliation while the other side never gives an inch. We need Progressives willing to push back hard. At the very least all this opposition may force Pelosi to go #CaptainMarvel .  @KamalaHarris #NoSurrender #NoPrisoners

Yes Marvel fans I am excited for  and a little bit of  . I'm just not excited for Far From Good since Watts is still involved and I fucking hated Homecoming so no thanks. But their response will say how dare you LMAO.

Please RT. It's a  style 11x17 print of  & the  including ! Available for $20 at  Artist Alley table B11. https://www.etsy.com/listing/547604414/the-marvel-family?ref=shop_home_active_12 … #NYCC

The Personal History of David Copperfield is released the same year as Captain Marvel, Avengers 4, Stranger Things 3, The Lion King, Frozen 2, Detective Pikachu and the movie where Will Smith is a pigeon for 2 thirds of the running time.


EDIT: I would be lying if I wasn't bummed that  wasn't joining  to amp up 2019 as the YEAR OF POWER WOMEN! 

Imagine this powerful team-up.  Sentry > Captain Marvel ≥ ≈ ≤ Thor  Robert Reynolds for Mcu one day, I hope, my fav    The Million Exploding Suns + Top Gun + God Of Thunder 

133 days until Captain Marvel  189 days until Avengers 4  252 days until Spider-Man 2  Dear Marvel Fan, ARE YOU READY? 

World's Fastest Teaser/Trailer To Get 1 Million Likes On YouTube  1 #Sarkar 4.5 Hours 2 #AvengersInfinityWar 21 Hours 3 #ThugsOfHindostan 3Days 4 #CaptainMarvel - 7 Days 5 #Venom -12 Days 6 #Mersal -23 Days 7 #TigerZindaHai 34 Days  #SarkarTeaser   STUNNING SARKAR TEASER

Day 1;   This is Viv. Viv is the Station Manager in our control room   Despite being a , if Viv could be a  she would be .  This week for every tweet containing; ,  will donate £1 to 

I just realized something from the new smash direct. Kirby is now basically captain marvel since everyone else had the thanos treatment.

THEY PLAYED THE CAPTAIN MARVEL TRAILER BEFORE MY MOVIE TONIGHT AND I REALLY WASNT READY FOR HER POWER 


Of course, Captain Marvel saves the day, and at long last, Ebenezer is arrested and justice was served.  The moral here is that Billy Batson was good and kind even to those who had mistreated him severely and didn't deserve an ounce of his kindness. 

This week we discuss the fact that  is getting a new origin in the  and how this might tie to the movie. Click here to learn more:  please retweet  

Captain Marvel trailer is GENIUS,  Loki is getting a SERIES,  We’re getting new TomContent at ace cc soon...  WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON???

What is up with people criticizing Brie Larson and Sophie Turners’ expressions in their movie trailers? Their movies have mysterious/dark story lines, what do you expect them to do, smile?   

imagine being that girl who dressed up as captain marvel, went trick-or-treating and wound up at a house that BRIE LARSON WAS AT?!!!! that’s the dream tbh

The future 'Captain Marvel' co-star has steadily progressed in the entertainment industry, but with this new anthology drama, we can finally witness what she's capable of. https://buff.ly/2CgkC1O

 Hey , how about  for the role of Monica Rambeau in CM2? She's incredible and would be perfect for the role 

sa 2019 save the date  Godzilla  Shazam IT Chapter 2 X MEN New Mutants X MEN DARK PHOENIX CAPTAIN MARVEL INFINITY WAR PART 2  HELLBOY  JOKER  SUICIDE SQUAD 2  SPIDERMAN FAR FROM HOME  ANO TARA?

Super hyped for  to release   series. Also for next months  and next years , plus the upcoming  and . Also finally a marvel movie I’m excited for is next years .

I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://youtu.be/Xclbpzhui1k?a  The Mighty Captain Marvel Challenges My Fragile Masculinity

Went to a different store in the northern area of the Eastside and found all 3 issues of the new captain marvel run, as well as a issue of bride of the water god in a discount bin I haven’t bought to yet. Really love the Rockwell inspired covers. Very New England appropriate. 

What are you looking forward to the most next year?  Captain Marvel  Avengers 4 Spider-Man: Far from Home  -----  by TJR Photography ----  er   

I'll be making two videos today. I'm sick of hearing everyone saying  will fail. It's ! And also, I'm making a video about . I know, it's tempting to be negative to get more clicks, but I'm staying away from the dark side.

Hello  can u believe Next year two powerful superheroines come to the big screen. One debut and one return.  God I love being a Geek    

Immortal Hulk and The Life of Captain Marvel are two of the best books out there right now. Here's me, talking about them. 

If we're being EXTREMELY generous — the trailer doesn't really introduce the Skrulls and the fact that they're shape-shifters. If this is your first intro to Captain Marvel, you're gonna miss that.  But c'mon, buddy. You write for a major publication. Google is your friend.

Loved being Spider-Man this halloween, with my friends Nick Fury, Captain America, and Captain Marvel 

The trailer for the upcoming Captain Marvel movie has me so hyped. I CAN'T WAIT.   What's a hero movie you'd really like to see come to fruition?   (My IG:  ) 

Carol Danvers is home to stay. A new Captain Marvel ongoing series is coming in January, Marvel has announced via the New York Times. The series will be... 

It's a great question, she has a lot of people that have her back, and have done so for years, she was my Captain Marvel(even before I knew of the original Fawcett or Mar-Vell one). Hell I hate the "diversity card" but she's non-male and non-white.

This was at the end of the  prelude comic... the first  trailer has to come out before its first prelude comic... right?

It's   Buy  Bunrako Part 1 (digital only) great start to the series. Buy  The Phantom Limb part 2 (digital only) scary cool Avoid  prelude even with Nick Fury & Maria Hill it tells nothing you haven't seen in the movies 

thejettyjetshowYoutube is down, time to move on to bigger and better thing.  In the meantime I'm drawing,  

A lot of grown ass adults about to ball their damn eyes out when we catch those Stan Lee cameos in  &  

I can't wait for captain marvel to drop, & avengers 4, & Spiderman, basically the whole phase 4 of the mcu

THANKS 4 ALL THE XOXO so much love for my ! This  run was always the plan but change is hard eh? good thing it's UBERTALENT  up next + we still have 4/5 of  to go! and yeah SECRET NEWZ SOON but yanno page me if u need me

I think WB definitely knows somethings up with the new Captain Marvel movie. Maybe they think it’s not gonna be as big of a hit as some people believe its going to be. And to make it more embarrassing for Marvel, WB moves WW out of the way so Marvel can’t use her as an excuse.

According to , Marvel is refreshing and changing the history of CAPTAIN MARVEL. The move is being made ahead of Marvel’s Captain Marvel film to be more “movie friendly”  This change will be official in Life of Captain Marvel #4 


Some nights I lay awake thinking about how when Michael Cera was Scott Pilgrim, he defeated Chris Evans, Brandon Routh, and by extension Brie Larson, so if Michael Cera can beat Captain America, Superman, and Captain Marvel, Michael Cera could possibly have beaten Thanos

I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/Q_2mqDXsEpg?a  Is this the Story of "CAPTAIN MARVEL" ?? Captain Marvel | Official Trailer | Tamil |

Marvel writer Margaret Stohl on tugging at emotional chord with 'The Life of Captain Marvel' series http://dnai.in/fLFH  via @dna @ruchasharma

#MCU Schedule as of 11-14-2018  Captain Marvel: 113 days * Avengers 4: 169 days * Spider-Man Far From Home: 232 days  * I fully expect this date to be moved up a week!  Proposed name for Avengers 4- Avengers: Enough Said.

Also I finally had a chance to read Life of Captain Marvel #4 last night. I cried in my pj's. Then I read it again, cried again.  you are an angel and I can't get over how much I love your portrayal of Carol.


  Put a Captain Marvel patch and pins on my expensive Levi jacket, made my own hat. Always proud to step out wearing this stuff. 


Good bye to the greatest story teller of our generation  RIP. Stan Lee. The actual “Captain Marvel” . “With great power, comes great responsibility” 

avengers 4, spider man far from home, captain marvel, dark phoenix....i don’t think i’m gonna survive 2019

Have you WATCHED The  trailer today? Iam still NUMB. PLEASE DO!watch and send your comment on Marvel’s channel!  

THE  OFFICIAL TRAILER HAS DROPPED AND MY REACTION ... IS NOW LIVE!!   is going to absolutely change the  game and I am HERE FOR IT!  got me shook with this trailer!!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QUxaEaJesTM …

We made a really lame joke about Captain Marvel punching an old lady to try and impress stand-up comedian . It went well!  New episode: http://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/lights-camera-barstool/id1279516571?mt=2 …pic.twitter.com/QEX8SHgEqL

2019 MCU Countdown:  • Captain Marvel ⇨ 121 Days. • Avengers 4 ⇨ 177 Days. • Spider-Man: FFH ⇨ 240 Days. 

Nadie puede decirme que mi teléfono luce mal, NADIE. No con mi héroe en el. Gracias reina, de nuevo gracias Brie, gracias Joe.  

The Dark Phoenix trailer will drop around 12am EST/9am for me, so I’ll be fully awake... Karma repaying me for having to wake up at 5am for Captain Marvel’s trailer last week. 


READ THE LIFE OF CAPTAIN MARVEL EVEN IF YOU DONT READ COMICS EVEN IF YOU DONT UNDERSTAND A THING ABOUT CAROL DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND GO AND READ IT

The question to Lee was “Which enemy do you prefer, Thranduil or Ronan?”   Lee said he can’t choose a favorite.        

Happy Birthday, ! From  to , we are huge fans of Brie and are excited to watch her kick butt as . What's your favorite role?   

The Spectre would find Captain Marvel (Billy Batson) to be good; truly good.  Cap is the most pure-hearted superhero on Earth, even more so than Superman. 

Stohl talks about what it means to write and read a protagonist as a girl. Carol Danvers began as a side character and a product of her time, but has evolved significantly.    

ICYMI: A new episode of The Slumgullion is out, featuring ,  (suffering from hyperthyroidism),  (according to Zillow) and the Italian thriller Strip Nude for Your Killer:   

I'd say War Machine is getting a Quantum Realm suit as a mark V maybe? Idk, and I don't think Captain Marvel would need one maybe. I really like these suits tho

I am looking forward to Phase 4. I love to see the MCU take bigger risks by adding new Marvel heroes never before seen on film and the film I want to see the most is a toss-up between Captain Marvel and Avengers 4. 

Dapper Days  and my family & friends with their tribute to Marvel &   GROOT, Iron Man, Spider Man, Captain America, Deadpool, & Captain Marvel!!!! So AWESOME!!!!!  Wishing I was there to join them 


KNUST is having Infinity War without Captain Marvel and Friends (Me and The Geng) these Adaakwa peeps I mean them Keep!! They would’ve been embarking on a demonstration instead if we were still there! Too bad  #knustbrutality #KNUSTCloseDown #Knustsecurityfool

I’ll be on with  tonight talking The House with the Clock in its Walls & if the Captain Marvel trailer lived up to the hype. Tune into  around 10pm.

Future  movies should center on its younger and more diverse cast of heroes including Captain Marvel, Spider-Man, Shuri and Ms. Marvel. 

1. iz*one - la vie en rose 2. film-film belum ada yang menarik perhatian. Tapi nunggu toy story 4 sama captain marvel

We might still see at least 2 Stan Lee cameos: Captain Marvel and Avengers 4. As for Spider-Man: Far From Home not that sure since they are not yet done filming it. 

Two announcements today.  1) Captain Marvel is meeting in the parks starting Early 2019.  2) Look at that Spider-Man Attraction in DCA coming to us in 2020. 

— captain marvel; black phanter; loki ; star lord ;rt and i'll dm it to you {comment 1, 2, 3 or 4} mbf!! /bel 

 my favorite ... https://www.instagram.com/p/BqTKM58Fraw/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=1kbbejnnxuods …

You know Stan Lee is going to show up in both Captain Marvel and Avengers 4 and it's going to be a moment.

Damn now when I watch #ScottPilgrim I can be like “oh that’s that movie with Captain America, Captain Marvel, Superman/The Atom, AND Huntress”

Captain Marvel • Official Trailer | IMAX® •   Carol Danvers becomes one of the universe's most powerful heroes when Earth is caught in the middle of a galactic war between two alien races. 3.8.2018  Trailer 

Once, I read that a man be never stronger than when he truly realizes how weak he is. -- Jim Starlin, "Captain Marvel #31"

The Week in Movie News: James Bond Found a New Director, First 'Captain Marvel' Trailer Arrived and More - 

Good Theatre Tuesday Everyone! The Theatre & Movie season is gearing up to be an Exciting one. I've just received a few magazines featuring Brie Larson as Captain Marvel. Which Includes Lee Pace starring as the one and only Ronan!     

Lee Pace at Avengers Panel Interview  with Chris Evans and  Karen Gillan in Chicago, October 13 th 2018  (2) source :     Chicago     

Someone actually counted the words in the captain marvel trailer just to get offended the phrase too much time on your hands comes to mind. Also this is the shit that makes people want it to fail 

There’s a moment when she’s outrun every doubt and fear she’s ever had about herself, and she fliesIn that one moment, every little girl flies-Carol Danvers  


I don't understand what is so great about Captain Marvel, they already have Captain America. And it also bothers me that they are making her the strongest superhero, Thor is the strongest. HE'S A GOD!

Captain Marvel and Captain America we’re both in Scott Pilgrim vs The World and I’m not saying it’s a coincidence or anything buuuuuut 

This small comic book was glued to the front cover of copies of Captain Marvel Adventures #23, sold in the South. They served to cover up a heroic black character in the lower left corner of the comic. 

My power ranking (for well known “Magic” characters) from off the top of my head:   1.) The Spectre  2.) The Phantom Stranger 3.) Doctor Fate/ Nabu 3 1/2.) Captain Marvel 4.)Raven 5.) Madame Xanadu  5.)Zatanna 6.)Etrigan 7.) Constantine   Honorable Mention: Swamp Thing.

TAG YOURSELF, THE CAPTAIN MARVEL TRAILER CANE OUT DURING HALLOWEEN AND I LITERALLY SCREAMED “its her!” AND STARTED CLAPPING AND AS SHE WAS GOING FULL POWER, I WAS CLAPPING AND CHEERING WHILE CRYING AND SOME OTHER PEOPLE JOINED IN JSJSJ IM CRYING 

How exactly was WONDER WOMAN 1984 in direct competition with CAPTAIN MARVEL? Their release dates were originally set eight months apart, zero impact on each other.   That sounds like the opinion of someone who knows very little about box office or release date placements. 

Seriously @Marvel, you're gonna push Captain Marvel and then fire someone because he was mean to misogynists? You're gonna push Black Panther and Ironheart and fire him because he was mean to racists? They don't like you, you don't have to impress them.

I have a Harley Quinn, Captain Marvel, Android 18, Spider Gwen and Cammy ready to go.  Luckily it's all the same person.

Carol Danvers & Kamala Khan are both geeks. However, when they interact, it's almost always "professional" level. I would love to see them have the opportunity to connect their geeky sides.  (Hm, does Kamala even know Carol is a published sci-fi author?)  #CaptainMarvel #MsMarvel

A superhero liked my post.   An Oscar winning actress liked my post.   Captain Marvel liked my post.   BRIE LARSON LIKED MY POST KSJSJSNB 

I kinda decided to draw Captain Marvel defeating a monster.  for practice proportion, effects, and shading too ( ´ㅁ` ;)    

Marvel Us Disney Episode 16: Captain Marvel Trailer, Avengers 4 Title and Is Loki Really… https://goo.gl/fb/XkFSY8

Avengers 4 mattum illa nanba... #captainmarvel and #spidermanFarHome layum cameo shot already eduthacham...



Those fat Captain Marvel episodes aren't nearly as good as the episodes with Jackson Bostwick as our hero, but when Isis was on the show it definitely went up a notch in my book...  

Here are some  facts you might not be aware of!  I'm going to make these a regular feature on my blog - hope you like them! 

I taught Shazz and Christine how to cast Vytaflex and they made this extremely interesting Captain Marvel star. 

Enjoyed the Captain Marvel trailer? MARVEL SUPER HERO ADVENTURES: CAPTAIN MARVEL - FIRST DAY OF SCHOOL is out tomorrow with cover drawn by me! Get your Captain Marvel fill!        s

Captain Marvel is a ‘Different Type of Origin Story,’ Says Kevin Feige https://buff.ly/2Da2o34  (via @CBR)

Well Stan just shows up for one day to make his cameo then leaves, so if I had to guess, he filmed his cameo for Avengers 4, Captain Marvel, Spider-Man Far from Home, maybe Once Upon a Deadpool and maybe Dark Phoenix (last two are maybes, MCU stuff is likely a defiant)

When I'm sober and watch the #CaptainMarvel trailer... I get chills. When I'm buzzed off a Four Loko... as I am currently... my whole goddamn body shudders.

See How Villains Kept Trying to Keep Billy Batson From Saying 'Shazam!" via /r/captainmarvel https://ift.tt/2ROXKuZ

There was a tweet about Captain Marvel and the number of words she spoke compared to Sam Jackson.   I'm not quoting it here because I'm not piling onto the writer, but I disagreed with the premise of the tweet.   I think Ashley makes a good point below. That was my first thought. 

JUST ANNOUNCED-  will be joining Black Panther and the Dora Milaje, Spider-Man and Captain America at Disney California Adventure in early 2019! 

NEW EPISODE! This week is all about . Who is she? Where does she come from? How many Captain Marvels are there anyway? And what should you read to get ready for the movie? Find the answers here, Captain’s orders! https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/capetown/id1346795127?mt=2 …pic.twitter.com/uBljfopehL

Crossover foda esse   cosplay  cosplay  4   cosplay  cosplay https://www.instagram.com/p/Bo7vfvhnjp2/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=14yl7u0ozk1d4 …


I saw First Man in IMAX last night (it’s fantastic btw), but beforehand they showed the Captain Marvel trailer. It looks & sounds so great in .   129 Days To Go 

#WhyILove Captain Marvel/Shazam is because despite all the stuff that as ever happened to him, he keeps his optimism. he also has cool, interesting powers. instead of the standard set most of the "Flying Brick" Hero Variety have.

One of the most underrated things about being in a relationship is being able to do couples costumes on Halloween   #2018   @ Washington,… https://www.instagram.com/p/BpqDsBHBKJO/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=1ihmmokmdu6je …

hi i’m a new marvel fan acc! rt of fav this tweet if luv:   - tom hardy - tom holland - robert downey jr. - spider-man - venom - iron man - loki - thor - captain marvel  - captain america  -agents of shield - mcu   ( please follow back!! ♡ )

Hey @Disney @RobertIger @MarvelStudios @Kevfeige Since Iron Man I have never not been excited for the next MCU movie. Then you fired @JamesGunn. Now all I can muster for @captainmarvel is "Hmm, that's nice." #RehireJamesGunn #NoGunnNoGuardians

This month on  I wrote all about , , , stoned lobsters, octopuses on ecstasy, , , , , , , ,  & more!   Read my articles here: 

, You’re welcome.   I have a way to show your appreciation. Please, talk to your boss Bob. You see there are millions of disgruntled MCU fans right now - potentially causing  issues. No more $$ to Disney until they do the right thing and .


I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/RNB7qtMTWoY?a  Is Jude Law the Secret Villain of Captain Marvel?

the future of the mcu based on ur astrological sign: aries: carol danvers taurus: captain marvel  gemini: miss danvers  cancer: carol leo: defeater of thanos virgo: ms marvel libra: binary scorpio: miss danvers sagittarius: carol  capricorn: warbird  aquarius: carol pisces: cap

Since the solicit is now out for  #2 we thought we'd give you a sneak peek at all of 's incredible new designs for our first arc. Prepare yourselves for not just apocalyptic Carol but also...   & !

Fairfield vets 5 Caerau Ely vets 0  a brace from captain marvel @johnnymac_73 set us up for all 3 points. Next up Albion Rovers in 2 weeks time.

In anticipation of  I was wondering if   have ever heard of the 1986 British Rail safety superhero Captain Caution?


Tomorrow’s lesson is film which means I get paid to make all my students talk about Captain Marvel weeeeeeeeeeee

#CaptainMarvel is set to take flight at @DisneylandParis' Marvel Summer of Super Heroes, returning in 2019! Learn more:http://bit.ly/2PiGDF6

And I miss that feeling a lot! Of the limitless potential of something new and different at my fingertips. I just haven't felt that with Marvel (besides BP and Ragnarok) in a long time. And my...distaste for NuCarol means Captain Marvel probably isn't going to help that.


i'm at this point when I can wait for captain marvel, for avengers 4 and spiderman ffh, i just want and need venom 2 right now

 Today we lost the hero of my favourite films.   I almost believed he is a super hero who will never leave us       Studios  

Happy birthday to our talented actress . Wishing your upcoming year will bring you higher, further, faster and more than ever before.   

AHHH! I was so excited for Brie being Captain Marvel and now Mary Elizabeth Winstead as Huntress!! I’m living  

How many winners of the Academy Award for acting in a leading role does Marvel have playing a main hero (not supporting or villain) in the MCU?  Just one. Not Iron Man, Captain America, Thor, Spider-Man, Ant-Man, Doctor Strange, or Black Panther.  

I uploaded a new episode, "Episode 28 (Rebroadcast) - Captain Marvel", on         https://www.spreaker.com/user/mattsager/episode-28-captain-marvel_1?autoplay=1 …

Rank these awesome movies in your most anticipated order!         s   eu u comics  comics      studios    

Get those autograph books ready! Captain Marvel's heading to Disney's California Adventure Park next year.   

my mom : you really need to save your money  me : oh yeah :))))) totally :)))) it's not like i just bought a 45€ captain marvel hoodie :))))))))

i'm still looking for mutuals so rt and follow me if u guys stan: - Captain America - Iron Man - Hulk -Hawkeye - Thor - Loki - Doctor Strange - Spiderman - Ant Man - Bucky - Guardians of the Galaxy - Scarlet Witch - Black Widow - Black Panther - Captain Marvel  love u all

“CAPTAIN MARVEL #1-5 "RISE OF THE ALPHA FLIGHT" (2016)” https://dajyareinu.hatenablog.jp/entry/2018/11/18/104506 …

i saw the captain marvel trailer again im theaters and since i was with my friends i kept screaming about how gay i am and how much i love brie larson uwu

decided to finish reading the mighty captain marvel tomorrow i’m so tired today i don’t even know why since a had 2 hour or so nap

This controversial punch in Captain Marvel makes sense when you see that in the movie Michael Moore takes on disguises and Captain Marvel gains power to make America more marvelous every time she discerns Moore’s disguise and whacks him! 

#CaptainMarvel  Should have went with Monica Rambeau as Captain Marvel. This solves more than one problem the Diversity problem and distancing Captain Marvel from Green Lantern more. Nothing says diversity like blond white girl.

Avenger 021: Ms. Marvel. Aka Captain Marvel, Binary, Warbird  First appearance: Marvel Super-Heroes 13, March ‘68 Created by: Roy Thomas, Gene Colan 

my anti marvel film mutuals are in for a big surprise when this turns back into a marvel stan account during captain marvel/a4 hype

We're currently having an internal difference of opinion. Should a live-action  movie happen, who would you rather play the role as Samus?  Here are the two options we're arguing over:  Chelsey Reist (Harper from The 100) Brie Larson (Captain Marvel) 

You thought we were done talking about ? Nah... So much to discuss tonight on an all-new @HyperHeroesShow. The tingle jingles begin at 9:30 pm PT on    

Thank you @markellislive @ThinkHero & @ReillyAround for taking the question! Reilly, I knew you’d get a kick out of the question. #CaptainMarvel post-credit scene will probably involve her getting the page & end up in the quantum realm meeting Ant-Man (JMO)

This Avenger issue that triggered some memories. It’s got characters I haven’t seen for a quick minute like Black Knight, Ka-Zar & Captain Marvel(Include her in Marvel movies please). Nebula popped up in this issue. John Buscema is one if the reasons I was an Avengers fan. 

I’m not a fan of this insult but i think the new x-men costumes look more like a bad cw costume than the captain marvel ones ever did. 

To all the fools fussing about Captain Marvel not smiling more in the trailer and on her promo posters... I share this. Please check your gendered expectations. 

Favourite deck at the moment, just going for a straight forward avengers sorta theme. Absolutely love that  card 

Me gustó un video de @YouTube http://youtu.be/1YFslZcxQXc?a  CAPTAIN MARVEL Weird Trailer | FUNNY SPOOF PARODY by Aldo Jones


1. Spider-man (Peter Parker) 2. Iron Man (Tony Stark) 3. Captain America (Steve Rogers) 4. Flash (Barry Allen) 5. Batman (Bruce Wayne) 6. Captain Marvel (Carol Danvers) 7. Green Arrow (Oliver Queen) 8. Scarlett Witch 9. Thor (Jane Foster) 10. Superman

I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/TWe_-rFTTAo?a  Thanos Vs Captain Marvel (Binary) | Full Fight | No Infinity Gauntlet | Ms Marvel |

New episode! We broke down the trailer for Captain Marvel. Check it out!  Make sure to download, listen, like, share and all that stuff!        

Aaand we're live at  !! Right next to the deafeningly loud Captain Marvel display which has a 30 sec movie clip on infinite repeat please come support indie comics & authors before Walt Disney & Co consumes the entire universe and destroys my brain!!! 

This is what I was referring to about a month ago when I mentioned a  development and also  trailer news!  

 !!  i dont really take selfies/post them online but anything for my captain marvel!! i have always loved brie and you know what, our her-o will defeat thanos  

Turned around and did this sketch of Captain Marvel as a Titan. Not much of a difference, honestly, from the normal suit she wears. Just added a Ghost and suddenly its Destiny!  

I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/p8dMjC-Wm8Y?a  Avatar: The Last Airbender News, Captain Marvel, Mario Kart Mushroom, Sesame Street

Author, Ean Gardiner will be chatting to Mike Sweeney tomorrow morning on BBC Radio Manchester about his new book ‘HarryStafford-Manchester United’s First Captain Marvel’. Don’t forget to tune in. Show starts at 10am 

While it’s true that Fawcett called him Captain Thunder before they settled on Captain Marvel, there is no evidence that Fiction House’s character had anything to do with it.  Per Ralph Daigh himself, he simply didn’t like it and ordered a change. 

I needed this W so much. I can’t wait for s6 and am really looking forward to seeing Son of Coul in Captain Marvel.  

I wanna talk about the life of Captain Marvel #3 with y’all! THAT REVELATION! But I won’t spoil. You won’t too! Let’s talk via DM with our writer 

A clip from our  . Our host  shares thoughts on  trailer. to the full show. Direct:   :   :       ing 

— Day 2 of Inktober: Captain Marvel —  Hey finally day 2 on *checks watch* the 11th of October!! Lmao I know this is super far behind but I promise you I’m working on it  2018

Countdown starts  Exactly 5 months that means 150 days to come most powerful super hero of the Galaxy  she is arriving on march 8th of 2019     wn


I thought you were talking about Captain Marvel.  I don’t really care if we get another Dark Phoenix trailer. 


I saw some dude use an app to make Carol Danvers/Captain Marvel smile more, so I thought I’d do the same with the male Marvel superheroes.   I think we can all agree that this is a totally normal, non-creepy thing to do. 


I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/69_TUvwvsuA?a  Why In Avengers 4 Pepper Potts Will Be More Important Than Captain Marvel

Good news! Episode 4 of the Captain Marvel Podcast is now available on itunes! Thanks again to  https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/the-captain-marvel-podcast/id1384754864?mt=2 …

Wait so Disney has Captain Marvel, Dumbo, Avengers 4, Aladdin, Lion King, Toy Story 4, Frozen 2 and Star Wars Episode 9 all next year? Dear God they might cross 10 billion in those alone

Movie 2019  •TOY STORY 4 •CHILD PLAY •DUMBO •DETECTIVE POKAMON PIKACHU •WONDER PARK •AVENGERS 4 •ANNABELLE 3:NIGHTMARE AT THE MUSEUM •THE CURSE OF LA LLORONA •HAPPY DEATH DAY 2U •CAPTAIN MARVEL •SHAZAM! •PET SEMATARY •ALLADIN •GODZILLA KIG OF THE MONSTER

 In my opinion needs a solo movie more than  fight me but now is too late. Maybe there still hope for one BW movie before  I don't know.


Quite a bit about Spidey: Far From Home out there.. Funny it's the furthest away and we've seen more of it than Captain Marvel and Avengers 4

what are yall most psyched for? captain marvel, playstation mini, cosby goin to jail, or jojo part 5 anime

“Marvelous”   Extremely excited for this movie to come out! So many new aspects of the Marvel universe will be introduced...Just imagining the possibilities w/ the Skrulls...Possible “Secret Invasion”???   

"Hulk vs Thanos" The Rematch That We All Want... • • • • • Credit Me If Share (Full Brightness Required) ______________________  4    vshulk        

RED ALEET! CODE RED!  will be in Brazil this December at  !!!! She’ll be sort of the  panel! OMG! She’ll visit in my country!!!!!! OMG 

Captain Marvel (Movie - 2019) STREAMING Watch Now Here :   Genre : Adventure, Science Fiction, Action Studio : Marvel Studios     

@TomKingTK what's this I hear about you killing off Poison Ivy? Please don't. She is everything to me. She's my hero. Her and Captain Marvel have helped me so much recently, to fight back and get the help I need. Please don't kill her off  #SavePoisonIvy

Life of Captain Marvel #4: Secrets are revealed, the plot possibilities collapse, and though the story satisfies, we're disheartened by the missed opportunities. Our review:  

Looks like Avengers 4 title reveal tonight, finally. Was kinda hoping they’d reveal in the post-credits for CAPTAIN MARVEL (how nuts would that be???) but even Marvel’s not bold enough for that I guess 

Samuel L. Jackson: 14 letters  Brie Larson: 10 letters   Should've hired a male actor with name less than 10 letters than Brie Larson, i.e. Captain Marvel. Unreal discrimination from Marvel. Disgusting. 

Two "super"  Resort announcements!  1) A detailed first look at that Spider-Man Attraction in DCA coming in 2020 2)  will be meeting in the park starting early 2019! 


DEFINITELY! Like hell, she is the strongest Avenger, not Captain Marvel! I’m tired with these “mental manipulation (which she never uses anymore) & telekinesis” just because MCU Jean Grey-ed her. Reality Warping Chaos Magic FTW!

I don't really like #captainMarvel  Firstly coz i m not fond of thr character secondly i don't feel connected to the actress playing it  Thirdly and most importantly bitch is getting a movie before #BlackWidow  Widow was there all the time she deserved it before her

Stan Lee cameos already filmed:  Captain Marvel, Avengers 4, (likely) X-Men Dark Phoenix, and (I'm hearing) Spider-Man Far From Home.  Film Twitter, do we know if there are any more?


They ALL fit better in the eras in which they were created--Superman in the '30s, Captain Marvel in the '40s, Spider-Man and the Fantastic Four in the '60s, etc. 


a4 trailer may or may not be dropping soon plus into the spider-verse in a few weeks and maybe captain marvel news and maybe far for home teaser

Marvel Comics Getting Later â€“ Black Order, Captain Marvel, Wolverine, Ms Marvel and Ironheart - Bleeding Cool News 



Uncanny X-Men. Jessica Jones. West Coast Avengers. Now Captain Marvel.  @79SemiFinalist is THE force to be reckoned with at Marvel and what a smart thing they did in acknowledging her talent.

YES IM GOING TO CCXP and I’ll be bringing you Corps, the latest news about #CaptainMarvel right from the event! It’ll be awesome and you gotta stay tuned here! I’ll even try to do some live transmissions! Yea!

Thanos just gotta ask for Captain Marvel’s number & she gon call him a cis-hetero pig & the movie gon be over.

can't decide if I wanna wear boots (logical) or my Captain Marvel shoes (red!!) to the west final please help

There were three Skullbusters, so if Captain Marvel defeats the first one in this movie, they can bring another one back for her to fight in the modern day.  If they're really going through with the secret "Blockbuster" lair thing, this could really pay off in Infinity War 2. 

Looking at 2019's movie slate and it's wild!  1/18 - Glass 2/8 - Lego Movie 2 2/14 - Alita: Battle Angel / Happy Death Day 2 2/22 - How to Train Your Dragon 3 3/8 - Captain Marvel 3/15 - Us (Jordan Peele movie) 3/29 - Dumbo 4/5 - Shazam! / Pet Sematary 4/12 - Hellboy

His Fawcett-Era and Post-Flashpoint origins are similar. While Freddy was out fishing with his grandpa when they saw a man fall into the water. When they tried to help him he attacked them both. Captain Marvel took the boy to the hospital only to find out he had been crippled. 

I just LOVE THAT , our former  writer was somehow involved in the  movie! She really understands our hero and made her a global success! Higher further faster more! 

okay i’m gonna do it ,,, rt to be in a captain marvel gc  - mbf / open dms - love carol danvers obv - bring some memes because uh i said so - crackhead or not pls rt i need more buddies  - no ugly shipping incest / pedophilia pls  if this flops carol probably floored me

Now that  has finally given us our first look at , you may want to know more about her origin, powers, and abilities! Well, we’ve got you covered:  

can someone please explain to me how captain marvel taking 5 years to get to earth makes sense? why are the avengers sitting on their asses for all that time? they’re not just gonna say “oh well thanos won nothing we can do about it!” and forget everybody they lost 

Imagine life without these  AVENGERS Spider-Man Wolverine Iron Man Thor Fantastic Four Hulk Black Panther Captain Marvel  Ant-Man Goblin Daredevil Doctor Doom Nick Fury Inhumans Magneto  Thankyou Stan lee   1922-2018

i’m wearing my captain marvel tshirt and this cute girl told me she likes it. aaaa the power of the lesbian that is carol danvers

Captain Marvel goes Binary in today's SQUIRREL GIRL #37!  &  kill it as usual (great Civil War joke there), and this is Carol's third major appearance today with the Avengers, after AVENGERS #9 and IMMORTAL HULK #7. Did you pick it up, ?

CAPTAIN MARVEL Official Trailer (2019) Brie Larson Marvel Movie https://youtu.be/i-dbjsrLafI  via @YouTube IM SHACKING


From one current USAFA cadet to a “USAFA Grad” you must understand the importance of having the best ring dance date possible. So my question is... would you, Captain Marvel, honor me on the 24th of May, 2019, and be my date? If retweets are needed then how many? @brielarson

NEW POST: Will the Trailer for  Spoil the Plot of ? - by    Will the events of ’s new  trailer reveal the outcome of ’s Captain Marvel?  

Finally got to read The Life of Captain Marvel #4. Holy crap, this is soooo good. Thank you @mstohl for giving us this story & this love for Carol. I absolutely love this run & backstory!!

sister grimm  raven scarlet witch magik (illyana rasputina) wonder girl (cassie sandsmark) jessica jones pixie jean grey thor (jane foster) captain marvel (carol danvers) 

A while back, @osheamobile and I were joking about how Captain Marvel is set in the mid-90s and how Carol isn't around for the modern MCU stuff, so she's probably been in space this whole time. There's bound to be culture shock.

confuse about the mcu timeline.. haha i know captain marvel movie timeline is on 90's then where the fuck is she all this time (MCU), hulat nalang ta sa 2019 

The first super-powered human villain that Captain Marvel ever fought was Slaughter Slade.  (Unfortunately, for Slaughter Slade, he was nowhere on Captain Marvel's level.) 

All hail  All hail   Countdown for the Marvel's Avengers 4 official teaser trailer.... Starting now!!!   


hayden and anshe wanted to have captain marvel AND avengers 4 countdowns in their names so i told them they were gonna look like a barcode dkdkdk

I'm so ready for Aquaman. I'm ready for Captain Marvel. I'm ready for Shazam!  I'm ready for Avengers 4. I'm ready for it all 

Forgot to post this update! Yay for  ! Can't wait to see her and Chewie on the big screen!        art  carver carverart  studios istsontwitter

Easy All-Star Squadron #36/1984. I could not believe that Captain Marvel & Supes were fighting & wanted to know why. Also, for some reason Flash & GL looked different.  My first comic book (that I bought myself) & it's where I learned about the DC Multiverse! 

Last time was for Venom in October Next will be Aquaman in December After that Captain Marvel in March Then Infinity War in May 

Ok so my mum called me fat again SO YOU KNOW WHAT BICH IMMA LOSE >2 STONE BY THE CAPTAIN MARVEL RELEASE DATE AND ON THAT DAY IMMA WEAR THIS SUIT, not only because I’ll rt this on that day and think ‘huh I actually did it whod’ve guessed’ but as inspiration for me, laid ease  

This is bullshit. No character needs to laugh, but if Superman does why wouldn't also Captain Marvel need a Joker-esque smileyou so desperately crave? 

Captain Marvel - Weird Trailer | Funny Spoof Parody -- (Reaction!): http://youtu.be/9LXh9ALFLvE?a  via @YouTube

can’t believe yall have the guts to say with ur whole chest that captain marvel is the greatest character brie larson has played ... have y’all forgotten that she was a SIX CHICK  

So Scott Pilgrim has now included: Superman/Ray Palmer Captain America/Human Torch Captain Marvel Punisher Huntress Shadow King

can she (i can't stress this enough) roundkick me into the the next dimension   captain marvel (2014) 

Uh, Disney’s 2019 movie slate is crazy.  Captain Marvel Dumbo Avengers 4 Aladdin Toy Story 4 Lion King Jungle Cruise (it has the Rock, it will make $$$) Frozen 2 Star Wars Ep 9  Disney = 

My Captain Marvel “Don’t you ‘lady’ me, son.” badge ribbons are also very popular with non-binary folks, which I should have predicted but utterly failed to. 

the movie theaters are about to have all my money in 2019.  -Glass -Captain Marvel -Us -Dumbo -Hellboy -Avengers -Aladdin -Toy Story 4 -Annabelle -The Lion King -Grudge -It: Chapter 2 -Jumanji 2

i just realized because of captain marvel us girls might not need to get marvel merch from the men‘s section anymore we might actually be able to get it from the WOMEN‘S SECTION


The next MCU film.  Chapter 21.  3.8.19.  https://www.instagram.com/p/BqKV1HbHAgK/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=pl7407m5q9ay …

Esto es lo que pone en el poster japones de CAPTAIN MARVEL:  ”Lost Past, Memories Trapped, Powers Gained, Is this me? The story before the Avengers.” 

MarvelStudios confirmó que Stan Lee alcanzó a grabar los cameos para  y . Lo veremos en la gran pantalla por una última vez 

Day 1 of my Destiny break Got a decent amount of sleep Got lots done at work Read the lastest issue of the Life of Captain Marvel by @mstohl  Watched a bunch of this season of Daredevil (it’s real good)

People still fail to acknowledge that Ike Perlmutter is the reason that Black Panther and Captain Marvel are only getting released after ten years, essentially trying to debate that Marvel itself is fucked up for waiting so long to do it.

RIP Stan Lee. You are an inspiration to us all. I feel so fortunate that I met him in a restaurant in Beverly Hills a few years ago.            

: New socks in  colors, little friends spending the night so their parents can have a nice anniversary alone, yummy dinner, and my new  wallpaper!  

I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://youtu.be/Z1BCujX3pw8?a  Marvel Studios' Captain Marvel - Official Trailer

So creepy. SO weird. These manchildren are so afraid of a reality they can't control. Shifting attitudes that don't cater to and favor their lame interests are going to swallow them whole soon and I look forward to that day. I hope Captain Marvel NEVER SMILES. Just to piss em off

Idk i think it would be too early to make him the leader, if anything. I could definitely visualize captain marvel as the leader tho.

In light of the new trailer, here’s a PSA: Captain Marvel is one of the Disney tsum tsums that have shown up at Dollar Tree stores for $1  


Me: wow I should start on my Captain Marvel costume for Halloween sure it getting to be that time Also me: hm I’m gonna work on my Cap Kingdom Peach coat all this week

New episode! We react to the  trailer! Review ! Discuss possible  shows starring  & ! Review   & talk the latest from     Podbean:  iTunes: 



MY HER-O just broke the internet! thank you marvel studios for making the Captain Marvel Like I’ve read for 21 years! Thank you! Must’ve been a really bad day for haters lol

Hydra? Captain Marvel says: More like Bye-dra! Watch her kick some tentacle butt on the front of this Secret Empire #1 Cover H Incentive J Scott Campbell Variant Cover! If only Captain America felt the same way about Hydra...Get it for 50% OFF TODAY ONLY:   

Ohh boy, Mystique X-Men Black was tiresome and the art didn't pop. I did enjoy Life of Captain Marvel #4. I would continue with the series if it was going past issue #5. The first issue didn't grab me but glad I gave the series a chance.

What if.......the Captain Marvel Post Credit scene is her receiving the pager from Nick Fury and on her way she meets with the rest of the Asgardians and Valkyrie

I don’t care about Captain Marvel so I don’t really talk about the movie at all.  I wish others would do this for things they hate or don’t care about as well.

"look, i gave tony a way to reach me. if he needs us, all he has to do is call."  marvel's captain marvel prelude 

I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/JM4XZ3UYPi8?a  Captain Marvel Prelude Reveals Why the Avengers Lost to Thanos (Nerdist News w/ Dan

Phil Coulson | it's pretty magical  story, see it please  lives     rs4https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L1e4wVFiS78&feature=share …

I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/ACICpKcWnAA?a  Captain Marvel - Official Trailer!! [REACTION]

TRAILER REVIEW:  http://cinemabbomba.blogspot.com/2018/11/bombcast-ep-010-captain-marvel-trailer.html?m=1 …

i painted the captain marvel logo on my trousers and took this awkward looking picture cause honestly no one can look as good as 

1st, We got the Captain Marvel trailer. 2nd, We're getting the Dark Phoenix trailer.  MARVEL SLOW DOWN


He has cameos in both  and   @ Preston, West Virginia https://www.instagram.com/p/BqKWQpqhiTH/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=172nnque3i73v …

Get ready for  with 's new "Captain Marvel" series kicking off in January.  It's one of our top picks in today's  look at the House of Ideas.

This is why DC will always be king. A 30 second clip of a completely standalone movie that doesnt even have a hero in it is released and hours later its still making more noise than Captain Marvel did, a character with the brand in their name. 

Tenth ep of the , our silly ! We talk about  and how  may change ! http://cinemabbomba.blogspot.com/2018/11/bombcast-ep-010-captain-marvel-trailer.html?m=1 …

I've decided that, while I'm still totally supporting #RehireJamesGunn and think that @RobertIger and #Horn should step down immediately for caving to Nazis - I'm not going to screw over @brielarson and @captainmarvel Those attacking @Disney @starwars and @Marvel want failure.

I don't think this means he will die. This just means Evans is done playing the character. My bet is Captain American uses Captain Marvel's time travel or whatever the plot hole fixing device is to go back in time and live happily ever after with Peggy Carter. THE END. 

Lee Pace, Karen Gillan and Chris Evans attended a panel at  on Oct 13. Karen Gillan explains about the hats worn by Chris and Lee:  "These are actor hats. When they're off-duty."         

WE’RE GETTING ALADDIN, TOY STORY 4, THE LION KING, STAR WARS EPISODE 9, CAPTAIN MARVEL AND AVENGERS 4. THANK YOU DISNEY

In more me news: the prelude to  movie comic is out tomorrow. This hermit is coming out of her shell to go pick it up. 

Captain Marvel (could literally tank and still be #1 because we stan for Carol Danvers) Ragnarok Guardians 1 Black Panther Avengers 1

Some of Stan Lee’s co-creations:    Spider-Man X-Men Iron Man Thor The Hulk Black Panther Ant-Man Fantastic Four Doctor Strange Hawkeye Daredevil Black Widow Nick Fury Inhumans Captain Marvel S.H.I.E.L.D. Avengers Magneto Doctor Doom Green Goblin 

Stan Lee had already filmed his Captain Marvel and Avengers 4 cameos https://www.independent.co.uk/arts-entertainment/films/news/stan-lee-dead-avengers-4-cameo-captain-marvel-a8631646.html?utm_term=Autofeed&utm_medium=Social&utm_source=Twitter#Echobox=1542154977 …

It's funny, between Captain Marvel and a BUNCH of other upcoming films, Hollywood is using comics by me and  as their inspiration A LOT. More than has even been announced yet.     :)


TRAILER VIEWS 2019 (TOP 10)  1  43,5M 2  25,4M 3  23,3M 4  19,0M 5  17,9M 6  17,8M 7  12,8M 8  12,3M 9  11,4M 10  10,6M 

Captain marvel will developing a lot new Story arc like  Civil wars II A Force  Dark avenger (developing) Alpha flight  Starjammers Binary Dark miss marvel

okay but 2019 will give us:  x men dark phoenix captain marvel avengers 4 spiderman far from home shazam ww84 joker new mutants chaos walking hellboy the lego movie 2 dumbo godzilla king of monsters mib spinoff the lion king it chapter 2 kingsman 3 frozen 2 star wars IX 

2018: black panther (debut) avengers iw amatw (sequel)  2019: captain marvel (debut) avengers 4 far from home (sequel) 

My only problem with Captain Marvel is that no one would walk into a fight with their hair down. I also have the same problem with Thor.

"So, I just so happen to be in the car and I look back anD I GOT CAPTAIN MARVEL..." A BITCH IS CRYING 

i was at target today and in the movie area thing they played the captain marvel and bohemian rhapsody trailers hehehe

.@brielarson, who signed a seven-picture deal with Marvel that locks her into multiple franchises, will be paid some $5 million for next year’s #CaptainMarvel movie http://thr.cm/1CV4eI

Well, folks, looks like the hype for Marvel Studios’  is real as the trailer has made 109M global views in it’s first 24 hours, 20M more than the first  trailer: https://twitter.com/MarvelStudios/status/1042541416054841345?s=20 ….  @DoctorRagnarok @OrangeGrove55

 I never met him but the impact on my 47 years is clear to anyone who knows me. I always felt like an outsider, Stan’s creations made me realise that was okay. His legacy of flawed heroes striving to be better is a lesson I’ll never forget. RIP Captain Marvel. 

I just bought the avengers hoodie I wanted and the guy that worked at the Disney store told me he knew some people that worked on the captain marvel movie, and he said he knew stuff that would happen in the movie but he couldn’t tell me. WHAT A MF TEASE 

No offence n all but I'm so much more excited for into the spiderverse than I am for the Captain marvel movie

Currently reading Moon Girl and Devil Dinosaur by Brandon Montclare and . Lots of fun, and very much reminds me in sensibility and tone of my favorite Golden Age comic (featuring my favorite Golden Age hero) Captain Marvel Adventures. 

'Captain Marvel's Gemma Chan is not joining Tom Holland & Mark Ruffalo in the Marvel Spoilers Club — 'I would love to talk to you about my character in more detail but if I do, Marvel will send probably someone to kill me'   (via The Koz Times) 

New episode! We react to the  trailer! Review ! Discuss possible  shows starring  & ! Review  & talk the latest from    Podbean:  iTunes: 

I’ve seen the X-Men: Dark Phoenix trailer (the Russian version at least) and it easily beats out the Captain Marvel trailer. It’s truly something special.



i cant wait for captain marvel because i already know what i want to wear and how i want to do my make up so like im going be flexing on the rest of the people at the cinema

Raise your hand if you've just been playing the Captain Marvel trailer on a loop over Eye of the Tiger

*Captain Marvel trailer starts playing*  me n gabbi: her... Captain Marvel trailer: A (HER)O us: HER!!!

Aw, I complimented a girl’s Captain Marvel shoes and she said it made her day! And then I mentioned that I knew  and how cool it was to see his design everywhere and she doubled over and put her hands on her knees. “Sorry, I had a moment there,” she said.

TO WHOEVER PUT THE BRIE LARSON COVER OF BLACK SHEEP FROM SCOTT PILGRIM OVER CAPTAIN MARVEL FOOTAGE: AAAAAAAAAAA


A few days late on this, but these shots from the CAPTAIN MARVEL trailer are really, really, really good. 


this is why  is on jeopardy, too sjw and an insensitive tribute to stan lee like look at that post. someone call up !!! wtf u doin’ brie?!

You know that de-aging tech the used to make Sam Jackson look young in Captain Marvel? They’ve figured out how to do that in real life and are gonna use it on Joe Cole. #BaselessRowdiesSpeculation

Delicious autumn! My very soul is wedded to it, and if I were a bird I would fly about the earth seeking the successive autumns. George Eliot  

This ad really bothers me.   Like...this is just the way we're gonna get DC's "Captain Marvel" from now on, isn't it?  I hope the movie is good, even so.  But still. I want to read comics about Captain Marvel, not Johns' Shazam. 

As the coming  movie changes it's name into it's Spanish version: Capitana Marvel in LatinAmerica as this is one to retain the name trademark if it were literally translated would be known as La Capitana Maravilla while  is La Mujer Maravilla!

Absolute legend, one of the greats. Carried the team at times, he wasn't called a Captain Marvel for nothing 

Ah you just gonna pass over the biggest movie of 2019, Avengers 4 and even captain Marvel. FOH! But you mention the 100th spider man movie. This list is ass

Modern Marvel and DC comics gave us the Fraction Hawkeye, Kelly Sue DeConnick Captain Marvel, Snyder Batman, etc. You may see a lot of crap, but there is (as is of almost any era) a lot of GOOD too. 

the real reason @Marvel got rid of cap's beard is bc they knew i couldn't handle bearded cap & captain marvel in the same movie

friendly reminder to keep rewatching and posting the captain marvel trailer to piss off your local mysoginist

twitch streaming at 7:30pm EST at http://twitch.tv/coralsword  on the @CoralSword @Twitch stream - this week: Rocking the Vote with Captain Marvel, TWD, Breaking Bad, Shrek, Goku and more pop culture news. Tune in: http://twitch.tv/coralsword

men are literally saying that captain marvel should SMILE MORE,, wonder where i've heard that before 

I still have no idea how Captain Marvel came into this conversation at all. Even with the original release dates they were 8 months apart ??? Besides stupidity and the need to create clickbait to get traffic I got nothing.


Shazam sketch a did awhile back. Really excited to see  take on the role. Wasn’t sure about his casting at first but I now see he’s perfect for the role.           

 Task Force as The Avengers!   as Captain Marvel,  as Captain America,  as Iron Man,  as Black Widow.  

Yeah, because heroes like Doctor Strange, Black Panther, Guardians of the Galaxy, and Captain Marvel finally getting their own movies isn't nearly as special as the 90s and 00s, otherwise known as 'The Decades of Endless Spider-Man, Batman, and X-Men Movies.'


[Películas de Marvel y DC: cuenta regresiva]  Aquaman: 35 días Captain Marvel: 112 días  Shazam: 140 días  Avengers 4: 168 días X-Men: Dark Phoenix: 203 días  Spider-Man: Far From Home: 231 días The New Mutants: 259 días

Why the fuck is she called Captain Marvel then? Might as well change her name to Captain Carell since her getting powers from Mar-vell is such a crime for some reason.

Was in the Disney Store, and the #CaptainMarvel trailer came on. A young Asian boy (abt. 4) jumped up, pointed at the screen, and yelled, "Captain Marvel!!!" and jumped around (along with my daughter). 1/

Look the story arcs that involved Byrne & Claremont & then go look at Squirrel Girl, Marvel Rising, Champions, Ms. Marvel, & Captain Marvel. If you can't see the damage that's been done, you're part of the problem.   

If Avengers 4 doesn't have a quick moment of Captain America and Captain Marvel saying "Captain." to each other while fighting Thanos , then what the hell are we even making movies for?

I’m sure Brie Larson will be great but Lena Headey should be Captain Marvel because Lena Headey should be in every movie. I am not sorry.

*watching kong:skill island* my dad: !!! it’s captain marvel and loki and nick fury!!! me: yep   *a song called ‘we’ll meet again’ starts playing* me: my dad: well they won’t meet again because he’s DEAD HAHAHAHA  me: he is very alive TO ME 

I’m guessing he would’ve already filmed his cameo for the new avengers cus they’ve finished shooting a while ago. So we still get to see him for captain marvel and avengers 4

 Did you notice..... logo which is displayed on Nick Fury's "pager-thingy" is inverted. Is it intentional?? 

THERE'S GOING TO BE A MOVIE ABOUT CAPTAIN MARVEL? DOES HE FIGHT THE WORM GUY IN IT? I LOVED THE WORM GUY!   MISS BRANT! FIND OUT IF THE CAPTAIN MARVEL MOVIE IS GOING TO HAVE THE WORM GUY IN IT!

FASTEST TRAILER TO HIT 1M LIKES IN THE WORLD  ZERO - 18Hrs.  InfinityWar - 21hrs.  ThugsOfHindostan - 3Days.  CaptainMarvel - 7Days.  Venom - 12Days.  


LRT: she really counted the words in a trailer and the film is STARRING Brie Larson as Captain Marvel, the name of the damn movie...  I just...how is it possible to be THAT insufferable. Oh wait, that’s right. 

#TWC9 : Microsoft Is Joining #Hacktoberfest #Azure Repos, Captain #Marvel and more - @film_girl https://lnkd.in/exuHhWd  #MSFTAdvocate

I’ve got to be 100% honest. Besides Batman (at its very best), I’ve struggled with DC. The struggles go back to the second grade. I guess I’m just a Marvel boy at heart. To that end, Captain Marvel; she is, and always has been, the real deal.


Do you guys ever just look at Youtube and Go to Marvel and also Check the Trending Page to see if The Avengers 4 trailer, Captain Marvel Trailer, or The Far from home trailer dropped? Cause I've been doing it for ALL of November. 

Was psyched to see a poster for  on a wall at the cinema. The cat was more noticeable than on a computer screen. 

Tbh: Bumblebee looks like it'd be okay.  Half the trailers have been for super hero movies.  We got a Shazam trailer... Or I guess a Captain Marvel. No, it's called Shazam.  How AMC has so many trailers.

You should definitely be picking up Life of  by  because the new ongoing by  will pick up straight after it! New era, new moment! HER BEST YET!!

who cares about captain marvel when you have a 6 sec video of baekhyun picking up a fan's phone https://vine.co/v/e5BWDtOJb7h

Damn Stan Lee died. RIP to the legend. That means his last marvel movie ever was ant man and the wasp. Unless they got him in Captain Marvel but damn this is sad.

Even if WW84 kept the Nov 2019 date, it would’ve been a whole 8 months apart from Captain Marvel. This decision ain’tgot a damn thing to do with Captain Marvel. Stop creating goofy narratives to get fans riled up 

I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/0aaSktwMe1I?a  Iron Man & Captain Marvel with The Power to Stop Thanos in Avengers 4?

No it says more about Twitter’s 2:20 limit to videos.   Everything there is in context. I clipped the ENTIRE speech he had about Captain Marvel. Before and after are different topics.   Nice try justifying your hate.

I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://youtu.be/kMRCymLMB54?a  5 REASONS WHY CAPTAIN MARVEL WILL FAIL

Jarret kicks some artistic ass w/his take on    See more of his work on TEAM INdysTRUCTIBLE:  Preview:    BUY:        

Wishing the happiest of birthdays to the protector of skies herself, our Carol Danvers/Captain Marvel, Brie Larson!   We absolutely love you to the space and back.   

Did you know all Disney movies debut on the cruise line the same day they hit theaters? So this will be a great opportunity to be one of the first see Captain Marvel then meet the powerful superhero herself: http://ow.ly/wue630mruSi  http://ow.ly/wue630mruSi

"This isn't a question of what I'm not. This is a question of who I could be." · Tomorrow is your chance to take the first step to who we can be. The America we have always claimed to be. Vote early. Vote tomorrow. Just vote. ·    

si es verdad que en diciembre vamos a tener el primer trailer de A4 y sffh y que ademas el segundo de captain marvel posta que me voy a morir


Raf!!!! Look who I met yesterday! Jude Law! Mentor of our Carol Danvers. I told him "I can't wait to see you in Captain Marvel" then he walked toward me and we took a photo. He even asked me "Is that alright?" to be sure I've got a good photo! He's so nice and talented! 

Marvel has a pretty busy schedule:  March 8, 2019 Captain Marvel  May 3, 2019 Avengers 4  May 1, 2020 title TBD, maybe Spider-Man: Far From Home?   Nov. 6, 2020 title TBD, maybe Doctor Strange 2?  Feb. 12, 2021 title TBD, maybe BlackPanther 2? https://cnet.co/2OyKe1e


The Captain Marvel we'll see on the big screen owes a lot to writer Kelly Sue DeConnick. Her take on the character: "Captain America gets back up because it's the right thing to do. Captain Marvel gets back up because 'f*** you.'" http://huffp.st/fnV2Pyq

Today’s  is Work In Progress! Here is my current spot for ! . Ahh!! I’m so happy with it! She is looking so great. Can’t wait to see what this week will bring.  ____    cosp…  

Msh Captain Marvel Halloween Spooktacular #1 - (W) , ,  (A) Mario Del Pennino,  (A/CA)  - in stores this week!  

Where is the new season of She’s Gotta Have It? They really screwed DeWanda out of a role in Captain Marvel for what? 

I agree... Captain Marvel has the most powers, but like you said, it depends on  if they give her the same powers. 

I came back the next day for the signature and was in my full Captain Marvel costume; he said “Attagirl!” and winked :}} Legend and a sweetie 

THE LIFE OF  Issue 1 out July 18th, 2018  Issue 2 out August 22nd, 2018 Issue 3 out September 19th, 2018 Issue 4 out October 17th, 2018  Issue 5 out November 21st, 2018  DONT MISS A SINGLE ISSUE, CORPS OF THE ACCLAIMED SERIES BY 


Google has failed me. I thought I had all the pictures of Brie Larson on set of Captain Marvel and I don’t.

The Captain Marvel Prelude #1 comic book reveals why Nick Fury waited until Infinity War to contact Carol Danvers. At the end of the last Avengers movie, before Fury turns to dust with half of... 

My two biggest inspirations and creators of the cinematic adaptation of my two favorite heroes:  and  Thank you for these 10 years that I grew up watching these incredible movies and getting inspired by your work  

Pepper Pots (in her awesome rescue suit) and Carol Danvers (aka Captain Marvel) will team up in Avengers 4 to kick Thanos ass. You can’t change my mind.

Back in the 1970's. before DC reintroduced Captain Marvel into the DC universe. they made a Expy who appeared in a few issues of Superman.

HAPPY BIRTHDAY to . Not only is she one of the most-talented, tendered-hearted and extraordinary actresses out there, she’s also our  . We love you!!  

Ok… I'm a Captain Marvel stan and don’t personally support people not loving Captain Marvel because it's against what I believe but that doesn’t mean I am hatingcaptainmarvelphobic. Several of my friends do not stan Captain Marvel and we are still very close friends.

Before Captain Marvel was Captain Marvel, someone else was Captain Marvel. And that someone else was a dude.   https://wired.trib.al/mI7JmTi

Having finally gotten around to watching Mercury 13 on Netflix, I’m itching to reread In Pursuit of Flight by @kellysue and @dextersoy and anxious to see Captain Marvel with @brielarson.

Next year we get:  Captain Marvel Avengers 4 Toy Story 4 Spider-Man: Far From Home Star Wars Epsiode 9  What a time to be alive.

Finally procured this bag. I was so excited! Then my 20-something step-son sees it & asks w/a huff, "do you even know anything about the character?" I proceeded to unload 40 years of Carol Danvers history in his shocked face. Don't step at me, son!   

Ppl are on abt captain marvel news and im just here wanting to marathon the entire mcu and reminiscing on tht time 5 yrs ago when I watched

Got around to seeing that Captain Marvel trailer. That old lady had to be a skrull cause no way she’s just getting duffed like that

this film is going to blow ppl away, the haters can just hate, Brie Larson is going to amaze us as Captain Marvel 

Yep I'm definitely getting Captain Marvel by Thompson  Carnero since Carol is returning to New York 

Daily Podcast: Netflix Marvel Shows, Blumhouse, Captain Marvel, Property Brothers, Rambo & Bohemian Rhapsody  


 in the comic outfit, but the movie's hair style. Painted with with an old technique I used to always use. I think i'll be using it more often. =D I'll be at  L.A. aka  later this month. See you there! 

You want to know how to change a character's origin in an amazing way? Life Of Captain Marvel #4 | COMIC BOOK UNIVERSITY   via      

We acquired  pajamas at Target. Tell me that first picture isn't the embodiment of Carol Danvers.     

Iam gonna do my best to try and go to the #CaptainMarvel premiere in LA, Corps. Represent each and every single one of you. I promise I will. @captainmarvel @marvel @MarvelStudios let’s make this happen. We are one!

broke: the Captain Marvel trailer signaling its 90s setting by prominently featuring a Blockbuster woke: the Riverdale flashback episode signaling its 90s setting by writing "END APARTHEID" in lipstick on a bathroom mirror 

// now that I've had some time to process it. I think it's crazy how next year we're getting a captain marvel movie, Avengers 4 and the next Spider-Man movie(my favourite character) and none of them are my most anticipated of the year. #DetectivePikachu

Update: Rider got pilot, he’s really gonna be the male Captain Marvel. I can’t wait till he gets infused with Kree DNA.

1. Iron Man (Tony Stark) 2. Captain Marvel(Billy Batson) 3. Daredevil  4. Martian Manhunter  5. Spider-Man( miles/ peter loved both too much) 6. Batman (Bruce) 7. Jessica Cruz ( GL) 8. Zatanna  9. The Flash ( Wally West) 10. Archer and Armstrong ( package deal. 

Hey @brielarson !!! Can't wait to see you in the new @captainmarvel movie. PS. 🕇RIP STAN LEE 🕇#excelsior

I got to say I don't need a handbag and I am not Captain Marvel biggest fan, but this look positively good 

Captain Marvel (Carol Danvers) Lockscreen   ☓ Fav if you liked  ☓ RT if you saved  ☓ Tag me if using, please 

sometimes i remember that captain marvel is a movie that really exists like... we didn't make this up... we're gonna see it in less than 4 months. amazing

Let’s see how she’s does as Captain Marvel before we start saying she Would be a good anything else.

i can’t believe locals are saying brie larson made a terrible job portraying captain marvel lmaooo and you deduced that on what? a fucking two minute trailer???

I'm selling IMMORTAL  #7 (regular & variant!) & dozens of other books. , , , , ,  & more! MOST AUCTIONS END TODAY! Link: https://www.ebay.com/sch/hulksmash!/m.html?_nkw=&_armrs=1&_ipg=&_from= … Please share! #ebay #ebaydeals #comics

With power such as mine, what would you become? • • • She has risen!  Which one of you slayers saw the teaser? • • • Photo by   • • •     infinitywar  

Movie reviews, news and features from critics and reporters of The New York Times. #Movies#captainmarvel  

You are an idiot.  CAPTAIN MARVEL comes in March.  WONDER WOMAN 1984 was meant to be released in November.  EIGHT months after CAPTAIN MARVEL. 

Famously wrote  Shazam screenplay on spec, just because he loved Captain Marvel as a kid. DC had to tell him they could barely get financing for Batman and Superman at that stage.

You all may keep trying to test me but I'm absurdly patient. Not only because of the topics I touch here, but you're talking to someone who watches movies without having seen the trailers  Infinity war? Not one trailer. Captain Marvel? Nein. Star Trek? Almost died but also nope

   The life of Captain Marvel #3 The whole issue tries to prepare and prime you for the twist, but the thing feels a little forced. But the slice of life before it and the anticipation do a good job of investing you in the book even more. 

Man are yall for real making 'fake rape accusation' jokes with captain marvel out of all people. Seriously. 


 hey, would really love it if you guys added the Captain Marvel poster as a reward... Pretty please? 


He’s not saying Annihilus should be in the film. He’d just like to see that moment play out between Captain Marvel and Thanos.

Brie Larson stans  -HYPED AS FUCK FOR CAPTAIN MARVEL -are so fucking nice I love them -have hella pictures of her saved -“she has an OSCAR” -will fuck up any anti brie’s or dudebros

New   drawn today, plus 2 sketch covers drawn and put on    Good days scribbling...now I’m passing out.         Comics  

What if Loki was decieving everyone this whole time and preparing the universe to defeat Thanos, and when he died it was part of his plan so he could make sure captain marvel, Tony and Nebula made it to earth

Like & RT if you too, are going to be more broke than normal when official #CaptainMarvel movie merchandise is released.

ok ive seen enough to know tht the powerpuff girls will be the ones to defeat thanos, not captain marvel


Things to look forward to in 2019 -Your Birthday - New Years Resolutions that you will actually bother to follow through with this time  - Captain Marvel -The next Avengers Movie - Toy Story 4 -John Wick 3 - Debut Author @ZebaTalk 's highly anticipated memoir!

chastainjessica: We can’t do this alone. We need you. Captain Marvel(2019) dir. Anna Boden, Ryan... https://tmblr.co/Z3lgCo2cT-uaS

I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/nuliL_D2Y_Y?a  Will Captain Marvel Be The MCU's First Flop?

“The Boss of Space” returns to Earth in Captain Marvel 1 coming from  in January by     & . I had an excellent conversation with Kelly Thompson about it. Check it out here: 

1. Captain America  2. She Hulk 3. Captain Marvel (Monica) 4. Thor 5. Iron Man 6. Hawkeye (Clint) 7. Wasp (Janet) 

Yeah, Marvel keeps spelling Monica Rambeau's codename wrong. They keep printing "Spectrum" when it should be "Captain Marvel."  Jokes aside - the flip-flopping between Psylocke's name being alternately spelled Elisabeth and Elizabeth. Like, pick one and stick with it!

EXCITED FOR THESE THINGS NEXT WEEK: - RIVERDALE S3- EPISODE 5 : THE GREAT ESCAPE - CAPTAIN MARVEL'S PRELUDE

Happy Sunday! Mister Mind versus the Wisdom of Solomon! Thanks to Joe Milone for his amazing work including my Shazam logo pin!       

i cant believe the captain marvel movie is just carol prematurely beating up skrulls before they hurt her gf

 the Ultimates.  1.  It's rare that I find a team comic where I like every character.  Black Panther, Blue Marvel, Captain Marvel, America Chavez, & Spectrum are all excellent, well conceived characters.  I hope we get to see more of all of them. 

#CaptainMarvel sees Carol Danvers falling from the sky and crashing through a roof to the surprise of the people inside. She also seems to be working for SHIELD. The #DoctorWho WWFTE and UNIT parallels are weirdly coincidental

I finally got a comment on one of my videos. And it was positive on YouTube!!! I know. It was the video about why people need to chill about  from . We're talking about Marvel Studios!!! Trying to be fair.

We’re not getting it soon. We just got Captain Marvel we won’t get Avengers 4 till late December/early January. And I can promise we won’t get Spider-Man until Captain Marvel releases in February.

Black Panther built momentum through a very stylistic trailer. Thor: Rag did a similar job, and even Dr. Strange built up some of the wonder of the universe we were going to see. Captain Marvel being 60 days removed from the NEXT MCU film means that it needs to stand out fast. /4

“Carol. My little Car-Ell... CHAMPION. That’s what the name means on Hala. She’s strong. She’ll grow up to be stronger than any human.”  

Since it’s been out I’ve been watching the #CaptainMarvel trailer everyday for a couple of times I feel hyped & happy it’s like I’m getting my daily dosage of it @BrieLarson you are a real life hero, this might be a #CaptainMarvelChallenge

In 2019  My most awaiting movies    darling   and  2.   3.  4 4.   5.   6.   7.  2 8.   9.  10.   11. 

captain marvel   star wars IX  how to train your dragon: the hidden world  godzillaaa (so sister excited for this one)

I can't even  Such a kind, enthusiastic soul    We are not ready for when the credits roll in Captain Marvel and Avengers 4  

first i have chaos waking most likely in march then captain marvel. then avengers 4. then toy story 4. then far from home. then spies in disguise. maybe god does love me!

Good Write Up on Stan Lee and Spider-Man, Totally Inaccurate Summary of Captain Marvel / Shazam via /r/captainmarvel https://ift.tt/2DLMxYO

This old lady in front of me at the dollar store was going sO SLOW, I was about to pull a Captain Marvel

As featured on  , "Digital artist Datrinti (Tiago Ribeiro) has envisaged one of the biggest dream meet-ups in the world of comic book movies,  and  in a brilliantly inspiring piece of fan art!"  

In Future After The Demise Of Legends, Iron Man, Thor & Captain America. Dr. Strange Will Replace Thor. Captain Marvel Will Replace Iron Man. Scarlett Witch Will Be The Next Legend With The Hidden Superpowers She Has.  According To The Superpowers And What I Have In Read Comics.

Many Many Happy returns of the day Brie Larson a.k.a Captain Marvel.  She turns 29 years old today.  

.#JohnTerry hangs up his boots. Management next?  Thank you #CaptainMarvel @ChelseaFC #bestleader #KTBFFH

From Brie Larson’s IG! Im sure we will see a lot of Brie’s new fighting skills in ! Love she’s changed her lifestyle for the better and healthier with Carol too! 

“I can be whoever I want. I can feel however I want.” Wishing a  to the beautiful ,  on her 29th birthday!

CNBC Makes Wild Claim About Captain Marvel – Proves They Don’t Know Anything About Marvel Universe! 

Which of the upcoming Marvel (MCU) movies in 2019: ~ Captain Marvel  ~ Avengers 4  ~ Spider-Man : Far From Home  You are most excited about? 

i've decided that if I don't finish Captain Marvel in time for Halloween, my backup is buying everything for a 13th Doctor costume Tbh tho I'm so lazy that sounds like a great idea

They were originally 8 months apart. Them moving WW didnt have a giddamn thing to do with captain marvel...ffs your narrative is  obvious . Foh.

As always... I finish our shoot with a little lightsaber action. OCC Holiday Edition photoshoot!     deeellecosplay @ Ottawa Comiccon https://www.instagram.com/p/BqTRg-FgoHs/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=1thjxxfpb0svk …

Early Avengers! Crossover with Captain Marvel! And who the hell is Rick Jones? We're discussing the Kree-Skrull War this week - come listen!        …

what movie are you most excited about? — Captain Marvel https://curiouscat.me/Soldier24/post/681648815?1539908359 …

Me gustó un video de @YouTube http://youtu.be/mZqV_FJM5J4?a  CAPTAIN MARVEL TRAILER EXTRAÑO (VERSION EN ESPAÑOL CASTELLANO) | PARODIA

"Respect is earned. I don't know you. Besides, I have a problem with authority."   She probably shouldn't be messing with Captain Marvel. Way too late now.

2019 MCU Countdown:  • Captain Marvel ⇨ 110 Days. • Avengers 4 ⇨ 165 Days. • Spider-Man: FFH ⇨ 229 Days. 

Coming this weekend to   Captain Marvel () finds herself bound and gagged and subjected to electrified orgasm torture!  Join today and see this scene before ANYONE! 



y’all really out here making me want to put the captain marvel symbol on a pair of jeans. i am broke i cannot afford this ://

Here's a little painting I did of Captain Marvel for Marvel and Upper Deck last year. I did a bunch of these, it was fun. Closest I've come to kinda working for Marvel (so far). 

THE JULIA MUTUAL   -kind of secretive??? -but loving at all times -inactive but probably is busy being smart in school -captain marvel can punch her -a big uwu  -should be more active cuz she’s the best 

If you ever want to know what my girlfriend is like, just read a Captain Marvel comic written by . Fierce, down to earth, able to fly high, makes the occasional Star Wars reference. Cap is great in it, but it took me a bit to figure out why she felt so familiar.

december is soon,,, that means aquaman is coming. then 2019 will begin and we start with captain marvel and shazam! ugh lets GO 

Become a superhero along with Brie Larson in new ‘Captain Marvel’ trailer (Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures)  

Rewatching all 20 MCU movies on the lead up to Captain Marvel and Avengers 4.......just hit The Avengers, still just as great as it was on day 1

Between this arc of  and , I have a feeling Jess will have had enough of post apocalyptic worlds for awhile.  

this completely changes carol’s origins; from being powered by a random circumstance to actually having ties to the kree and a direct link to calling herself captain marvel and carrying the legacy of hala because of her mother instead of mar-vell 

@RobertDowneyJr  i'm not sure you will read this (you probably get a lot of fan mail) but you are the best avenger - way better than Thor himself. let me guess. captain marvel has to rescue ant man out of that quantum zone in the next film?

Marvel's future: Captain Marvel trilogy Avengers 4 Spider-Man trilogy Dr Strange trilogy GOTG trilogy Black Panther trilogy Black W trilogy Wanda serie Loki serie Bucky/Sam serie Daredevil S4 Punisher S2 Jessica J S3 Agents of Shield S6 Cloak/Dagger S2 Runaways S2 Gifted S2  Me: 

4:30 in the morning seems like the perfect time to share that I'll be coloring the new Captain Marvel series with @79SemiFinalist @CarmenCarnero @MightyBrunstad  and @Wil_Moss https://nyti.ms/2NgiGs6

What a solid performance from Holder, should be rated as one of the best captains today. It's easy to be called captain Marvel when you have a winning team. but the true captain courageous is the one who inspires a loosing team to achieve unthinkable. Holder and Mortaza

Oh man. That Vision guy always looks reserved or confused. It’s almost like he’s some god-like being coming to terms with his power and trying to figure out his place in this universe.   Does that mean  is a bad actor? He never smiles.    

I’ve seen a lot of criticism towards Brie Larson/Captain Marvel. We saw a two minute trailer. Two minutes, guys. We don’t know what internal battles her character is fighting, etc. I can’t think of too many heroes who are all rainbows & sunshine when discovering who they are. 

Can’t wait to see  in  next year! Here’s a closeup on a painting I did of her for  earlier this year.

Tired: St. Francis preaching the Gospel to animals  Wired: Captain Marvel reading Shazam! to zombies 

Attempt 3 on , tried some weird stuff and much more practice needed but I got dem colors where I like em! After shading with eyeshadow for 2 years I forced myself not to and IT FELT FREAKIN WEIRD DUDE. Maybe attempt 4 on stream? 


“I am not                   “They can’t begin  what you                    to understand                                          think I am”                   what you are”   

This Captain Marvel trailer sequence reminded me so much of Buffy’s “Are You Ready To Be Strong” speech it gave me goosebumps. 

"Two of the fairest stars in all the heaven, Having some business, do entreat her eyes To twinkle in their spheres till they return."  II.ii    


1. captain marvel 2. avengers 4 3. captain marvel 2 4. avengers 5 5. captain marvel 3 6. avengers 6 7. either avengers 7 or maybe features in another film like doctor strange???

why-i-love-comics: Marvel Super Hero Adventures: Captain Marvel: Mealtime Mayhem #1 (2018) written by... 


#CaptainMarvel is so iconic  She copied both Shazam's AND Superman's names! #OriginalCaptainMarvel #KalEl

Kevin Feige: We're changing Captain Marvel's origin, because it's too similar to Green Lantern. Marvel Comics: We're changing it to be more similar to Superman.

2019 is gonna be huge for film/TV man like holy shit  - Captain Marvel  - Avengers 4 - Spider-Man: Far From Home - Game of Thrones finale season  - Lion King remake  - It Part 2 - Star Wars IX - Toy Story 4 - Zombieland 2  - Terminator 6

Very excited  to honor , hair department head for     on December 15th in LA. Get your tickets pronto!  

We are avengers my friends....we’ll keep on fighting till the end. We are avengers, we are avengers... half of us turned to dust and captain marvel...will save the world 

I feel sad now about being reminded of Stan Lee's passing.  I been such a marvel fan growing up. I'll always remember how excited I got to see Stan Lee in all his cameos. I'm gonna cry when I see his cameo in Captain Marvel, Avengers 4, & Spiderman Far From Home. 

rt if u stan   -mark ruffalo/bruce banner  -sebastian stan/bucky barnes -just the whole mcu cast -brooklyn nine nine (b99) -the good place (tgp) -captain marvel -agent carter -captain america/cevans  -doctor who  i’ll follow u back :)

 Fingers crossed that Monica Rambeau/Spectrum and Adam Brashear/Blue Marvel have Marvel Legends figures to be released soon. Maybe an upcoming Captain Marvel or Fantastic Four wave!?! 

I spoke to CAPTAIN MARVEL screenwriter Nicole Perlman about THE SLOWS, her long-awaited directorial debut: 

We are proud to feature Marvel Entertainment artist  at . Visit him at booth 2317 for his amazing prints!  

Captain Marvel!  Comis Abiertas  View this post on Instagram A post shared by Allen Azusa (@allen_azusa)... https://tmblr.co/ZLkZxY2d12cay

With the  with  coming, we're sharing this   - aka  -  by  artist  up for bid in ' new !  out out!      

Avengers 4, Star Wars Episode IX, Godzilla: King of The Monsters, IT Chapter 2, Toy Story 4, Captain Marvel, Live Action Remakes of Dumbo, Aladdin, & The Lion King, Terminator 6, Hobbs & Shaw, Detective Pickachu, Glass...  Could 2019 Be Any More Awesome? No seriously I’m asking 



Round 4 of  pictures Black Panther:   Ghostbuster:  Captain Marvel: Milly Cosplay  Gamora: Molly W Cosplay 

#CaptainMarvel will face up unidentified enemies who change their appearance freely and the battle over her own memory with young Nick Fury who eventually will form the strongest hero team The Avengers...”

FILEMINATI - CAPTAIN MARVEL LEMAH !!! Ternyata THANOS Hanya Bisa Dikalahkan Anggota AVENGERS Ini...: http://youtu.be/Rtv6wvd4e_A?a  melalui

I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/e6TRITFjGZQ?a  CAPTAIN MARVEL Trailer NEW International (2019) Superhero Movie HD

y’all 2019 is THE year for movies and tv...  -GOT season 8 -ST season 3 -Avengers 4 -Captain Marvel -live action Lion King -live action Aladdin -IT: Chapter 2 -Glass -Dark Phoenix -Spider-Man: Far from Home -Godzilla: King of Monsters -Star Wars: Episode IX  ...to name a few

Have to agree with  here. I never liked  until I read the  version. It even inspired me to write her into a  (hope I did her justice)

Yeah I liked that  looked at  and said "You go finish what I started" "You make Ronda tap ou" then the hug.  is fire the best thing on  period    When  &  meet  

omg y’all especially w people like “don’t give gotg a third movie” or “captain marvel is gonna be so boring, don’t watch it” or bullshit like that, stop trying to ruin something that other people love. nobody asked you to indulge in things you didn’t like. mind your own business

if there’s one thing i want stan twitter to learn, it’s that the past tense of “cast” is “cast.”  as in, “brie larson was cast as captain marvel.”  NOT “CASTED.” 

The Captain Marvel Prelude is a 2 issue series. That's how they solicited it and the issue out this week is 1 of 2. 


The Captain Marvel trailer really proves that this year the Marvel movies are really hey now that you're reading this you should see Sorry To Bother You

One of my favorite new concepts that Thunderworld introduces for Captain Marvel was a new source of his magical lightning, one that stayed true to Captain Marvel’s core elements.  And what else could it be, except a lightning rod?  It’s PERFECT. 

MARVEL’S JANUARY SOLICITS!  ALL THE STARS ALIGN AS   AND  TAKE ON MARVEL’S PREMIER FEMALE SUPER HERO! As , Carol Danvers has spent months in space protecting Earth from alien threats. now it’s time for Earth’s mightiest hero to come home 

Gettin' REALLLLY tired of DC fanboys going on and on about "The REAL Captain Marvel".  Don't really know what point you're trying to prove. I mean, I DO. But, you know.

COURTNEY AS CAPTAIN MARVEL COURTNEY AS CAPTAIN MARVEL COURTNEY AS CAPTAIN MARVEL COURTNEY AS CAPTAIN MARVEL COURTNEY AS CAPTAIN MARVEL COURTNEY AS CAPTAIN MARVEL COURTNEY AS CAPTAIN MARVEL COURTNEY AS CAPTAIN MARVEL COURTNEY AS CAPTAIN MARVEL COURTNEY AS CAPTAIN MARVEL COURTNEY A 

OH MY GOD HOW ARE THE TRAILERS FOR CAPTAIN MARVEL AND SHAZAM ALMOST BACK TO BACK MY NERDY HEART IS SHRIEKING CAPTAIN MARVEL VS CAPTAIN MARVEL DID DISNEY AND WB PLAN THIS

went on a quick day trip to rhode island comic con with kamala, carol, & ochaco  • ochaco uraraka:   • ms. marvel:   • captain marvel:   

it’ll be bitter sweet to see the @TheRealStanLee cameo in @captainmarvel  #StanLee @Marvel @brielarson #CaptainMarvel #CarolDanvers

The little boy at work today that told me I look like Captain Marvel has boosted my confidence higher than any other man ever has

thanks to @CallMeSnaps - the 2 pre-bookable meet and greets AKAHeroic Encounters offered are: 1) Mission: New York which mentions Cap, Iron Man, Spider Man, and Black Panther 2) Groot  I suspect Captain Marvel will take Cap's M&G spot outside the WDT.

Captain America - Punched Adolf Hitler over 200 times.  Captain Marvel - Punched a little old lady who was probably an alien.

um filme que ta esperando muito lançar pra ver — captain marvel, estou sedenta https://curiouscat.me/biproerd/post/688177919?t=1542067256 …

#CaptainMarvel Re-reading all the stuff from the last few years, plus the later Ms.Marvel stuff. Her humour, huge heart and doubts about herself make her as a character. Her willingness to throw herself into battle for what's right make her a superhero.

“Be the stars we were always meant to be.” Thanks to Savannah at  for the beautiful work. Thanks to  &  for the inspiration and good luck to .   

Counting the number of words Nick Fury says in the  trailer in an attempt to attack Disney? Really?  This is why the aliens haven't made contact yet. 

That was an extremely circuitous way of me saying, "just wait and see".   CAPTAIN MARVEL feels solid, and safe, and will likely be SAFER than any previous Marvel film. That's the way the wind is blowing.  But I'll be there opening weekend regardless to see for myself.  (5/5)

<CAPTAIN MARVEL TRAILER REVIEW>   return to talk  casting, new  director, the  being cryptic and we discuss the  trailer that landed this week!     

After #InfinityWars and the end credits scene of #AntManandWasp I assume @captainmarvel will be 15 minutes of Brie Larson and 2 hours of Kevin Feige on camera flipping off all the fans. @MarvelStudios


Saving half of the universe's pop. (the many) from suffering and extinction is worth sacrificing Thanos one love Gamora (the few). Thanos doesn't consider the lost half as suffering as they just disappeared painlessly. If you can, do you save 1/2 the boat or nobody on the boat?

The trailer, along with other reports from the production of the film, show the latest take on Captain Marvel – real name Carol Danvers – is quite a departure from the comic book source material 

Avengers, Iron Man, Cap, Hulk, Thor, Fantastic Four, X-Men, Black Panther, Captain Marvel, Doctor Strange, Spidey PS4 sequel, Daredevil, The Punisher, Iron Fist, Luke Cage, Jessica Jones, Hawkeye, Black Widow, Sentry, Ghost Rider, ETC 

theory: carol looks exactly the same as she does in captain marvel (except for her hair, which is longer). i believe that there will be a small time jump from the events if captain marvel to the post credits scene- still in the 90s. maybe something will happen with past hank- 

Captain Marvel is gonna be a fun movie.  The only known hero at that point in the timeline is gonna be Captain America, so this is really gonna stand out.

@ManaByte will the next marvel trailer we get be avengers 4 teaser or second captain marvel trailer?

Omg  look at this cute trailer reaction!!   is a  fan since the 70’s! She grew up with Carol and now her little one is part of the Corps! “That’s Captain Marvel!” 2019 here we go! Nice way to start your bday!  

'Shazam!' Additional Photography Extended To Late December via /r/captainmarvel https://ift.tt/2FmFDv4

Captain Marvel teaser-trailer has achieved 1 Million likes on YouTube with in one week. Now, it's a 3rd Hollywood movie trailer and 1st Marvel Studios' standalone movie trailer that has achieved 1 Million likes with in one week.  

Marvel bosses promise Captain Marvel will be ‘very different’ to any other origin story https://trib.al/xANqglg

ignore my face or my bedroom mess but my captain marvel is coming together and it’s getting LITTTTTTT omg 


Guess the sales of  and  are gonna skyrocket; Marvel oughta thank you in both life and death.  RIP Watcher!

Food for thought   Because of that awful Avengers 200, Carol's earned herself one of the best Hero's Journeys in comics.  As a bonus, without that issue, Avengers Annual 10 would not have had Carol's story & Rogue likely would never have been created.  

Marvel Studios President Kevin Fiege has released a statement following Stan Lee’s death stating that he did not film his cameo for the upcoming film “Captain Marvel” or any other MCU titles. This concludes that anti-hero vore flick “Venom” is where Stan Lee makes his last cameo. 

The president of  assures audiences that CAPTAIN MARVEL won't be another generic hero origin telling...   

 i made a captain marvel pop socket (yes it’s smudged we aren’t gonna talk about it) because i am indeed captain marvel trash  

If Captain Marvel is set in 1995, and then Samuel L. Jackson's CGI based in the Die Hard 3 (1995)?  

Between #FantasticBeasts and #CaptainMarvel, Jude Law is trying *really* hard not to spill any secrets for either during his latest media blitz https://uproxx.it/rh7238s

so many modern interpretations of Dial H For Hero are so grim; they treat the Hero Dial like a monkey’s paw.   I love that this one looks like pure wish fulfilment, like classic Captain Marvel. 

We are thrilled to honor Hair Dept.Lead  on December 15th at our .       @ Taix French Restaurant https://www.instagram.com/p/Bp50qH6g65-/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=5c46d1r4ncft …

From what I've seen in the leaked photo of the merchandise for Avengers 4 is that it seems like the Avengers are going to be in the Quantum Realm along with Captain Marvel & other heroes who survived Thanos' devastating finger snap on the Infinity Gauntlet. 

Why Nick Fury Waited So Long To Call Captain Marvel Revealed: The post-credits scene of Avengers: Infinity War saw… http://dlvr.it/QrSNSz

First press conference for  with  in front of an International press team at Sony Studios. Rune is playing Kree Starforce member  in the 2019  featuring     

This (part of the) message is for the  fans marvelstudios  is releasing in South East Asian cinemas (including Timor Leste) Thursday 28 February 2019 This video by… https://www.instagram.com/p/BoP-Pd0Hodi/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=xek7jdmm9o8w …

I may have figured out what exact year in the 90’s #CaptainMarvel is set in. And it’s not 1992.  Writing it up now with some evidence.

Tonight at work this guy asked me why I wasn’t helping the avengers fight Thanos cus he said I looked like Captain Marvel. Thanks

I'm going and re-reading Copper Age appearances of Captain Marvel. I forgot in Legends #5 that fantastic splash page when Bill Batson realizes the world needs The Mightiest Mortal to survive. So great!   

Bonus Question   With the release and instant hit of #SpidermanPS4, Which Character In The #Marvel Universe would you like to see have his/her own game?  #IronMan #CaptainAmerica #CaptainMarvel #Thor   Let me know down below  #SHPOLL18 #TSQuestion

Haha yep.  Essentially, to put it into perspective, we will have seen #CaptainMarvel , finished #GameofThrones and seen the last stand against Thanos in #Avengers4 .  But hey, if the second season is anything like the first, WORTH IT.

Can Captain Marvel get stuck in the quantal realm at the end of her movie and thens meet Ant-Man in there in A4 idk?

Listen I kno previews can be deceiving... but Bruh captain marvel looks rushed and garbage  hopes it’s fire only cuz they saying she play a big roll in the new avengers

So, everyone give thanks to Tony Stark, and let's all rewatch Iron Man while we wait for Captain Marvel and Avengers 4.


Ok I figured you had to mean MCU. Because in the comics at least tony is a Man that thinks of his self as the God of Answers. Made me a little uncomfortable when they tried to shift that role to Captain Marvel in Civil War 2 

Oh captain, My Captain  https://thevalkyries.co/2018/10/05/her-a-hero-captain-marvel/ …  #captainmarvel #MCU #CarolDanvers #captainmarveltrailer

My intro of the  into the MCU would've had them playing the role that  will.    They'd swoop in and save the day, because they're the team best equipped to deal with cosmic threats, and the  would hold them in awe and reverence.


I obviously can't say definitively since the film isn't out yet, but that seems more like a Fury thing than a Shield thing. Off the books so to speak. I don't think any of Captain Marvel was in the leak.

mom: why did you cry over the captain marvel trailer there’s nothing sad about it...  me: ....you have no idea how much she means to me

Very sad that @CaptainMarvelTalk has left, but excited to hear  is channeling his awesome talents in a new direction!  He’s one of my favorite  artists! https://twitter.com/carlshinyama/status/1047337126591774721?s=21 …

My Mama is my hero and like Captain Marvel my Mama is mega strong, her super strength is second to none. 


1.Supergirl (Kara-Zor El) 2.Jean Grey 3.Captain Marvel (Carol Danvers) 4.Emma Frost 5.Wondergirl (Cassie Sandsmark) 6.Kitty Pryde 7.Batgirl (Barbara Gordon) 8.Illyana Rasputin 9.Mera 10.Rogue 

R.I.P Stan Lee creator of the great marvel superheroes       comikaze  comics shots universe cinematicuniverse studios  

Oh man, I’m super sad. Got home and found out the pins I bought at the @Marvel booth at #NYCC2018 were not in the bag - I think they got left out in the rush. I’m going to talk to folks tomorrow but man, no Captain Marvel pin for me I think.

MARVEL: if we have Captain Marvel take place in the 90s & introduce reasons why she didn’t intervene in ‘Avengers’ in 2012, the continuity of the franchise will largely stay intact  DC: LET’S SHOOT 17 DIFFERENT JOKER MOVIES THAT ALL TAKE PLACE OUTSIDE OF THE OVERALL STORYLINE

So here's a  I drew at NYCC. Turns out, I love drawing Carol! This is available if you want it. $150 shipped. 9x12. 

Captain America: First Avanger had the same problem. The movie really suffered because of this. I hope they are in time to modify Captain Marvel and avoid it becomes as bad the other one 

Captain Marvel #3 Silver Age Marvel  Roy Thomas Fhttp://rover.ebay.com/rover/1/710-53481-19255-0/1?ff3=2&toolid=10039&campid=5337669420&item=143012599868&vectorid=229508&lgeo=1 …

Happy birthday to our !!!   celebrates her bday today and we all can't be happier to have her in the MCU! You're gonna rock it girl!!  Here in her presentation in the  Marvel panel where she and  took this amazing pic!


169 days until avengers 4 113 days until Captain Marvel 233 days until Spider-Man far from home       

So, a new Captain Marvel book is launching. I wonder if Boobiegate will finally be over once the nerdbros see this image. 

A massive #ThankYou and #Goodluck to @mstohl and what she does next. Your arcs involving #CaptainMarvel and #LifeofCaptainMarvel are worthy reads. I wish you can stay on the series longer but I have high hopes with @79SemiFinalist taking the baton. You both are #HerO s to me

Me gustó un video de @YouTube http://youtu.be/VL9yPvteqhI?a  WHAT IF CAPTAIN MARVEL WAS IN AVENGERS: INFINITY WAR Reaction

Brie Larson isn't here for your sexist  backlash. The Oscar winner responded to complains her superhero needs to "smile more" by posting photoshopped photos of Iron Man, Captain America, and more smiling.  

Just announced! Be the first to meet @captainmarvel when she makes her debut during exclusive #MarvelDayAtSea sailings in 2019!

What up internet, back again this week:   Chess it out to hear us go over some  and  trailers, on top of some music discussion ft.  and , and more!     

People are getting a little over hyped about Captain Marvel and CCXP.   Disney has never debuted an actual trailer at an international event, not even their own event such as D23 Japan.  At most they do a clip/behind the scenes footage.

It’s funny that they didn’t do this same thing when Spiderman caused Black Panther and Captain Marvel to get kicked to the back of the line 

So this is my first ever digital art piece!! I drew  from the  trailer !! There’s some mistakes but I’m so proud of this 

Captain Marvel looks set to bring Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. TV series closer to the movies than ever before. 

If you’re wondering why Captain Marvel’s uniform is green in some parts of the movie trailer, it’s because the original Captain Marvel’s costume looked like this, back in 1968: 

So I've been saying for a while that the MCU needs to be less funny and more serious, like how Iron Man was, perfect balance. What if Captain Marvel is the "Man of Steel" of the MCU and it 100% serious? Trailer suggests such.


 It’s been 3 years since I started blogging about Captain Marvel!  http://www.theworldsmightiestmortal.com/2018/10/three-year-anniversary.html?m=0 …

@Timcast 'Is Captain Marvel Being Set Up To FAIL?!"  Is it so surprising they're trying to pull another #GhostBusters2016?

Captain Marvel, Spider-Man Homecoming, And Avengers 4 have all wrapped up way before today we got 3 

You don't mess with them and get away with it, not as long as they have each other's back.   Society

Wtf is happening. Bucky and Falcon are moving to tv. Scarlett and vision too. Its looking like if Captain America indeed dies he will not be replaced. Count on Captain Marvel leading the Avengers. 

Avengers 4 Captain Marvel Prequel Teaser and New Plot Synopsis Breakdown https://youtu.be/t0HP7jomtd4  via @YouTube

Have anyone pointed out that Captain America and Captain Marvel were both in Scott Pilgrim vs the world?

  by me  I beginning this when the trailer came out!! I love  and I don't see the time to see her in action!!       Studios UK

While we wait for Captain Marvel premiere in March 2019, here’s Lee Pace (Ronan the Accuser) at the premiere of Marvel's 'Guardians Of The Galaxy' at the Dolby Theatre on July 21, 2014 in Hollywood, California.    

Captain Marvel was Nick Fury’s Avengers Plan B, new Infinity War prequel shows  http://flip.it/Iaw2xL


Last and final one for today.  Billy Batson was chosen to be Captain Marvel because he was pure of heart. This is what made him worthy to speak the magic word, "Shazam."  What most people don't know is that he is so pure of heart, he was worthy of a second magic word, "Nataz." 

In honor of @CaptMarvelTalk which is no more, here are a couple of heroes who would be awesome in a movie together! Good luck to  in his new endeavor!   

Me ha gustado un vídeo de @YouTube (http://youtu.be/7tO_ZwgMRIc?a  - Lo que no viste en el trailer de Captain Marvel).

BREAKING NEWS: Captain Marvel will make appearances in Disneyland Paris for Marvel Season of Superheroes next year! 

ready for captain marvel to make me feel damn empowered and strong and like i could take on the whole entire world  


Look at this, How can you take him serious? This is suppose to be the real Captain Marvel.. He's more like Plastic Man now! 

The opening-night audience reaction to the RIP title card at the beginning of CAPTAIN MARVEL will leave us all at least partially deaf.

Was asked to do 5 little known facts about Captain Marvel the other day.  Here we go:  The voltage of Billy Batson's and Captain Marvel's magical Shazam lightning exceeds 600,000,000,000,000,000 volts. 

NEBULA AND/OR GAMORA DESERVE TO KILL THANOS N O T CAPTAIN MARVEL NOT CAPTAIN AMERICA NOT NO ONE BUT THE 2 WOMEN HE HURT THE MOST 

today one of my lab partners saw my captain marvel lockscreen and he was like OHHH CAPTAIN MARVEL and i was like I KNOW and i suddenly really like him

A glorious discovery I made on Tumblr last night while still buzzed on sake: 1. Queue up All Star by Smashmouth in your music player  2. Queue up the  trailer  3. Hit play on both as close together as you can  4. Profit. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z1BCujX3pw8 …


Leaping from the gangway into the open door of a launching Space shuttle. This was Carol Danvers BEFORE super powers.  


Looking to great some great exclusive caps? Hats off to ya! Midtown Comics Booth #2336 has exclusive hats with Aquaman, Captain Marvel, Dark Phoenix, and more! Featuring art from Mark Brooks, Stanley ‘Artgerm’ Lau, Ivan Reis, and more!  

Saw the new trailer for Marvels Captain Marvel and apparently her superpower is to be able to have a lot of confusing memories.

just like it was supposed to come out last night? like how captain marvel was supposed to be in infinity war? y’all need to stop taking everything this guy says as fact. he runs an mcu blog not the company. 

In this , I invite y’all, to read the bestselling “Life of ” book. The most human, deep and personal story about Carol Danvers! Issues 1 to 3 are out now! 2 to go! Shout out to writer . Well done!!

IDEA:#CaptainMarvel Post-Credits: Carol in outer-space. The pager goes off. Around her, aliens start to crumble. Alarmed, she notices her own hand starting to disintegrate. She raises her crumbling hand up high. Her eyes light up with quantum energy. Her hand re-forms. IT'S ON.

Here’s Carol and Jessica fighting a Huge alien in NYC! In the new book,  will be back on Earth NYC, after a period as the first line of defense. Well see Tony, Jessica and even a new romance why not?! AAAAA 


I don't know why but Alex this season kind of reminds of another Danvers from a totally different universe...     CW Sunday    


Me: Its ok to be emotional and cry and feel overwhelmed sometimes  Also me: The Captain Marvel trailer should not be making me sob

i need more loyal mutuals so rt if you’re a fan of   • tony stark/iron man  • thor • bruce banner/hulk • captain marvel • peter parker/spider man • basically anything and everything marvel/mcu  if i follow u pls follow back oof

 bakal kembali musim panas nanti. Setelah para  membereskan Thanos. Tapi, tampaknya, tanpa Agent Coulson. Kemungkinan, dia ditarik kembali ke layar lebar. Setelah tampil di . 

I hope Marvel releases a new Captain Marvel trailer where some dude asks her to smile and she melts his face off ark of the covenant style

‘Annabelle’ Sequel Casts ‘Captain Marvel’ & ‘The Haunting Of Hill House’ Star Mckenna Grace In Key Role  

- CAPTAIN MARVEL #2 - CAPTAIN MARVEL: BRAVER & MIGHTIER #1 - AVENGERS #14 - AVENGERS #15 - MARVEL’S AVENGERS: UNTITLED PRELUDE #3 de 3 

I worked on the movie and can confirm your suspicions- Captain Marvel dies in the first 5 mins and it’s really just a Nick Fury solo film

when you've been brainwashed, manipulated, turned into a weapon and they still want you to smile    

Any superhero? Let's see... (100% should be top percentage IMO)  Superman 100% Firestorm 100% Zatanna 90% Cyclops 80% Aquaman 80% Mera 85% Hulk 100% Captain America 50% Batman 30% Blue Marvel 100% Carol Danvers 80% Captain Marvel 95% Storm 90% Thor 100%

She puts the HER in HERO. We put the new 'Captain Marvel' trailer under the microscope and break it down for you https://buff.ly/2pgi9g2

It's like Captain Marvel punching an old lady except instead of punching an old lady it's just me demanding from you the land and lives back that my people lost

i wanna ask my crush out to watch captain marvel, spiderman, and a4 next year but he might reject me kaksjdjjfjf

Sweet mother of God... this lady got into it with a legit fan and called him contemptuous because she said that Captain Marvel having more action and doing stuff and... you know, having a MOVIE made about her wasn’t more important than Sam Jackson’s word count. 

 is back with a new episode this week!  This week we discussed new music releases such as 6LACK and Thugger. Also Kevin Hart vs Katt, Captain Marvel, and the baby slam.  SoundCloud:   iTunes: https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/the-cypher-podcast/id1381279393?mt=2&i=1000420546894 …pic.twitter.com/kRSe07Ol09

someone just unfollowed me either for yelling about an Acker meme or Rt'ing a Captain Marvel pun and just like why the hell were you following me to begin with if that was the final straw dude?

My first day in an actual proper writers' room tomorrow so of course I'm laying out my outfit for the morning like it's my first day of school. (So far we're going with Captain Marvel Vans, black jeans, spider-man t-shirt - hoodie or dad!cardigan on top, guys?)

Captain Marvel comes out March 8th!       #2019      … https://www.instagram.com/p/Bo-TCqvncKi/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=lsy1nmx7a8f4 …

I don’t understand why people want Captain Marvel to smile more in the trailer... she’s facing tough challenges and situations. Plus it’s a 2 minute trailer, not the movie where we’ll get scenes of her humor 

  The Marvel Super Heroes Podcast Episode 090  Fall Special 2018 featuring our Top 10 MCU Villains  Our countdown lists of favorite Cinematic Universe villains! Captain Marvel trailer talk!      

I want to get a fringe/bangs cut in this weekend (woo, hairstyle change!) but when I get round to properly cosplaying Captain Marvel I won’t have accurate hair anymore.  #cosplayproblems

Lock screen is a picture of Marvel Superheroes mourning the death of the original Captain Marvel (from Death of Captain Marvel) and my real background is a wallpaper supporting San Junipero from Black Mirror. Comics and knowing heaven is a place on earth is important to me lol

Captain grumpy... . . . .      https://www.instagram.com/p/BqXIwZSB3jl/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=1nguff44ku41k …

"I wonder if Captain Marvel would be up for a coffe run and light workout with me and Tippy.. i should drop her a line."

I seen a lot of people are saying things like #CaptainMarvel is going to be Marvel’s first flop, guys remember #GuardiansOfTheGalaxy that you guys said that would be Marvel’s first flop look that turned out, big hit! I suggest wait till the film’s release then judge. Thank you!

the  trailer just reached 1m upvotes on . correct me if I’m wrong, but I’m pretty sure the only other MCU film to achieve that with a single trailer was   

I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/vz-9FxlIb3w?a  Marvel Studios' Captain Marvel - Official Trailer REACTION + THOUGHTS!!!

1.Superman 2.Spiderman (Peter Parker) 3.Captain Marvel (Billy Batson) 4.The Flash (Wally West) 5.Martian Manhunter 6. Green Lantern (Alan Scott) 7.The Flash (Jay Garrick) 8.The Spectre(Jim Corrigan) 9. Blue Beetle (Ted Kord) 10. maybe Booster Gold

Did a supply run, and some cooking. Back to drawing, quick  of   with some new materials. Now, time to  

I didn't just "make up" Eternals. I didn't just "make up" the Captain Marvel trailer date. When you don't have real sources, you're reduced to insulting other sites unwarranted.

From Brie Larson’s IG!! “Thank you to the military families, STEM students and all the other cuties who came to the Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum to see the  trailer in IMAX. Amazed that anyone would want to see my face that large.” - WE ALL WILL!  

#Walgreens #MiniMates exclusives from waves 6 and 7. Medusa, Captain Marvel, Black Bolt, Baron Zemo, Red Hulk, Captain America's Hulkbuster https://flic.kr/p/NfZZcX

New "Life of Captain Marvel" is really great...this is Superman: American Alien good. Retcon made total sense and the art is really well done.

  The Marvel Super Heroes Podcast Episode 090  Fall Special 2018 featuring our Top 10 MCU Villains  Our countdown lists of favorite Cinematic Universe villains! Guest-starring Count Drunkula & Pakita! Captain Marvel trailer talk! Mighty Mail Bag! 

Bryan Robson was the best player I have ever seen play for Albion in my lifetime. We forget how good he was when injury free. You don't get called Captain Marvel for England by the press for nothing!

People spent the whole day the other day doing that with the captain marvel trailer.  This is why the internet can't have nice things.

can't y'all just accept that captain america and captain marvel can be equally powerful? both of them or on the same page anyway? both of them has different strengths and abilities too? this comparison is invalid? marty what the fuck? 


I'm just glad Stan lee didn't have to live to see marvel hijacked entirely by SJW horseshit like the new captain marvel POS

whats your countdown for? — it’s for the release date of captain marvel :) https://curiouscat.me/eyelism/post/684271073?1540201653 …

The way I know Captain Marvel, is she's who I use to make Sparkle Linda from the SPN ep Just My Imagination.   

AND, for you process junkies, here are the pencils and inks for that Captain Marvel variant cover for Amazing Spider-man!    

Somehow the #DarkPhoenix trailer, though not perfect, makes the #CaptainMarvel trailer look like a cement colored generic film... & it didn't show anything at all! CM trailer was weighed down by terrible cgi, the bored expression from Larson, & somehow Nick Fury having more lines

Next year's Disney lineup:  Captain Marvel • March 8, 2019  Dumbo • March 29, 2019 Avengers 4 • May 3, 2019 Aladdin • May 24, 2019 Toy Story 4 • June 21, 2019  The Lion King • July 19, 2019 Frozen 2 • November 27, 2019  Star Wars IX • December 20, 2019 

And  Day 15 is  as Carol Danvers/, getting ready to respond to anyone suggesting she “smile” more on the movie poster.  

I accidentally just called captain marvel "miss america" if that gives you an idea of where I'm at in life


When u assume that the audience is familiar with your new character & backstory you end up with massive confusion which results in things like this. Marvel's first trailer for Captain Marvel is one of the biggest PR/Marketing Fails they have ever had so far. 


It’s been a while since we’ve seen Quicksilver, but we find him and Crystal in Attilan…just in time for him to mysteriously vanish! They’re tying in a lot of side characters: Spider-Man, Doctor Strange, Captain Marvel.… I wonder where this is going!?  


Higher. Further. Faster. I told y’all I’m pretty much obsessed with the  trailer.  looks Ah-MAy-zing. So here’s a little look at a commission I got to do of  this awesome lady! She’s by far one of my fave marvel ladies. I can’t wait to see the movie!


Still and will always be my favorite scene of  ... (Mainly because she has always been my favorite superhero ever since I started reading comics as a kid)   

Q3: Blockbuster Video is suddenly popping up all over—in the Captain Marvel trailer, as a craft beer honoring the Last Blockbuster, etc. What are some ways the Blockbuster brand (now owned by Dish Network) could be reborn for 2018 and beyond? 

Yes, I am honouring my pledge to play the rest of the stream as Captain Marvel because WE HIT OUR TARGET! Thank you all who donated - and if you're still inclined to do so please go to our funding page!     

Brie Larson heard some people think  needs to "smile more," so she went ahead and posted to social media photos of male MCU superheroes smiling. Check mate, Larson:  

I’m glad the captain marvel film is being made because it means we are  finally getting a good green lantern movie

But how cool would it be to see the Avengers power through an island full of symbiotes  Venom Carnage Agony Scream  Riot  Toxin Lasher  Scorn  Being the few that will go head to head with Avengers  Spider-Man  Captain America  Captain Marvel  Black Panther Ant-man Wasp Falcon ??? 

My  picks o’ the week (1 of 2): Edge of Spider-Geddon #3 (  ), Life of Captain Marvel #3 (   ), Immortal Hulk #6 (  ) & Thor #5 ( )!


Did you dislike the #CaptainMarvel trailer? Good for you! You’re entitled to your own opinion! Did you bully actresses like @brielarson just because you didn’t like their performance in a 1.5 minute trailer?   Rethink your choices.

OKAY: So here's a first draft of my theory.  Captain Marvel landed on the roof of a "Blockbuster" - the lair of Skullbuster of the Reavers, unbeknownst to the crime fighters in the area. Movies are shown on a projection screen underground--one that has a dark secret... 

Tell me how many heroes you know would be able to take hit from all of these heavy hitter all together?!  Here She Hulk, Thor, Captain America, Iron Man, Black Panther and Squirrel Girl attack  with all their power to charge her Binary mode.  “MORE!” 

Cooler heads prevail when Captain Marvel shows up and nukes both of them... putting an end to the fight and reminding us all why Monica is such an incredible badass and should really be the star of the upcoming movie. /4 

i am sorry but mcu wanda aint shit. sshe is not the strongest idk why yall hype her ass like thor and captain marvel are way much more powerful than her. and ThAtS tHe TeA

Page your friends & prepare yourself for a powerful 2019!  herself is coming to Disney California Adventure Park!  

If you’re not following  you are missing out! Just look at this beautiful Captain Marvel artwork! Can we get my pal a bunch of likes and RT’s? I’m starting with you     

New Avi, new episode. Check out latest episode where we went in-depth with the Captain Marvel trailer, Joker news, and the RETURN OF AVATAR THE LAST AIRBENDER SoundCloud:  iTunes: https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/the-barbers-chair-network/id1179234647?mt=2&i=1000420341192 …pic.twitter.com/H8rrWoTgnX

Hey guys! We are happy to announce our next podcast: The Ladies of GoC!  In the first episode the ladies will talk about Captain Marvel, Nappily Ever After, Fantastic Beasts, Bumblebee & Birds of Prey.   If you have any questions for them, please send them below! 

You speaking up is admirable. I think you are going to be a bigger influence than most realize. You really are perfect in Captain Marvel role and the "life"stuff that goes along with it

Coming in February! Captain Marvel: Braver & Mightier, a one-shot story about Carol Danvers punching aliens in space and also trying to balance the disparate parts of her life.  Written by me, art by Simone Buonfantino, cover by .   

Newest episode of  is now up!  Join us as we interview the BIGGEST Captain Marvel fan !!!  Funniest episode we've had in days.  https://soundcloud.com/supersuit-show/episode-111-captain-cthulhu?utm_source=soundcloud&utm_campaign=share&utm_medium=twitter …pic.twitter.com/tt0llm8Vrv

Captain Marvel, pushing a titanic dead star.  If you ask me, it's a greater feat of strength than anything that Superman has ever achieved. 

my 2019 awaits for game of thrones s8, avengers 4, captain marvel (and other rumored mcu that will be released) stranger things s3, p.s. i still love you, and teotfw s2.


I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://youtu.be/HQ5GQHBs-PY?a  Ghost Reac Le Trailer De Captain Marvel #3

@ManaByte Jeremy, will we see Captain Marvel in the Avengers 4 trailer when it drops since, despite you thinking she’ll be dusted, she’s in the promo art of that team shot from last June, which means they gotta promote her in the A4 marketing to help her movie make bank globally?

How Marvel Studios Scared Jude Law out of Sharing His ‘Captain Marvel’ Role (Video) https://cstu.io/4e6c80

Behold the awesome  as Captain Marvel in our latest Cosplay Video! She looks amazing! CHECK OUT THE FULL VIDEO: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Kkdw1FyBLA … #CaptainMarvel #Avengers @MarvelStudios @brielarsonpic.twitter.com/Y2nQZTzp9r

Good morning to everyone except a certain twitter user who was BIG MAD, Captain Marvel had less dialogue than Nick Fury in the recent trailer release. You do realize a) you sound silly and b) he was the narrator? Right? 

In search of Captain Marvel with the help of four former skippers and - as it turned out - four former Brentford managers https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/football/article-6262617/Where-captain-marvels-gone-importance-role-diminished.html?ito=amp_twitter_share-top …


What do you think will be the last cameo #StanLee filmed before his passing? #SHPOLL18 #CaptainMarvel #Avengers4 #SpiderManFarFromHome A film not yet "officially" in production.

THE CAPTAIN MARVEL TRAILER GOT OVER 109M VIEWS IN 24 HOURS BRIE LARSON AND MARVEL'S IMPACT NO ONE COULD EVER 

Alternate Names for Billy Batsons Super Hero Identity besides Captain Marvel or Shazam:  -Captain Thunder -Captain Olympus (thanks to @Bosco685 and @TalkingHawkeye for that) -Red Marvel

Yesterday we mourned the great loss of Legendary Comic Book Writer, STAN LEE. Dearly hoping his cameo is in Captain Marvel AND Avengers 4. My personal and talented friend, Sean, drew a wonderful tribute (4pic).   

MCU Phase 4 Predictions:  1. Spider-Man 2 (July 2019) 2. Black Widow (May 2020) 3. Doctor Strange 2 (Nov 2020) 4. Black Panther 2 (Feb 2021) 5. Captain Marvel 2 (May 2021) 6. Eternals (Nov 2021) 7. Guardians 3?? (Feb 2022) 8. Avengers 5 (May 2022) 9. Ant-Man 3 (July 2022)

I'm about to work on my stories. I'm really enjoying . I just made a video about it. I still have two left:  and ! I'm just going to keep pumping out videos.

The Greatness Of  - On , John Campea and Robert Meyer Burnett discuss the passing of Stan and the other following topics:  - 's Box Office Success -  Hot Toy -  Crossover Promos -  Discussion   

Captain Marvel: You beat Thanos? But how? Falcon: He was expecting the Avengers, but nothing could have prepared him for the emus.

3. Avengers 4 Rumors [3]  -The plan involves going in and out of it to gather energy from the Quantum Realm so Captain Marvel can destroy the Stones. -Strange is the one taking the team in and out of the Quantum Realm. -Meanwhile Thor and Hulk hold off a new TBA enemy.

NEW VIDEO UP:    'Iron Man & Captain Marvel with the Power to Stop Thanos in Avengers 4?'  As always thanks for your patience! I really dig the intro on this one, its short but sweet, hope you likes!    

I'm doing my best to create comics, novels, articles and videos. My next video is why you should be excited about ! I'm also working on my comic.  put me in such a great mood. And then life...Sorry, bit annoyed right now!


Catch up? You do know captain marvel was announced back in 2014, and your really going say catch up to movie franchise that already has 20 movies?

FOX showed us an awesome Dark Phoenix trailer the other night that said February 14, and just a day later they move it to June. Dammit.   Ah well, at least it will clear all the CBM logjam in the first 5 months of 2019 (Captain Marvel, Shazam, Hellboy, Avengers 4).

Hey look at these Marvelous pants! Teehee. But yup! My Captain Marvel pants are done until further photos come in from the film ⁦⁩   

For $25 you COULD buy copies of: - Unbeatable Squirrel Girl - Ms. Marvel - Unstoppable Wasp - Iceman - West Coast Avengers, AND YOUR CHOICE OF: - Shuri, Domino, Life of Captain Marvel, Exiles, or X-Men Red... ... AND YOU WOULD STILL GET NO ENTERTAINMENT VALUE WHATSOEVER.

  So, i deleted everything he tweeted and commented. Again, i'm sorry. Brie Larson is my favorite actress and i would never do something like that

 Did you know that C. C. Beck once wrote a  story for DC Comics that was never published?  Here's the sad  but true story of The Comic That Never Was.  

Top 10 Easter Eggs You Missed In The Captain Marvel Trailer https://youtu.be/O4GR2NV7Isk  via @YouTube

Sony own X-Men rights. Wolverine is DC. Punisher kills for no reason. Marvel stole the rights to the name Captain Marvel from DC.

SUB-MARINER #30 SILVER AGE GRADED 9.8 CGC COMIC BOOK CAPTAIN MARVEL: $51.00 (5 Bids) End Date: Saturday Nov-24-2018 18:00:07 PST Bid now | Add to watch list  

I know it’s all Avengers 4 hours rn on stan twitter but I’m still so so excited for Captain Marvel there’s just so much cool stuff that’s gonna be in it ahhhhhhhh

'this trailer allowed people everywhere to tap into that little bit of cosmic energy we all share with Captain Marvel'    

There was a great Spy Smasher/Captain Marvel crossover that took place over several issues of Whiz but damn, I cannot remember the specific issues it took place in.  If I can find it, I'll let you know.  Its a good read.


Things I’m looking forward to in 2019 in order of excitement:  Avengers 4 Spider-man far from home Captain marvel My 21st.

"My name is Captain Marvel... I am an Earthling and an Avenger."   First picture of our Captain Marvel shoot for  ! Photos, makeup and edit by   Wig made and costume worn by   Cosplay sponsored by  !    

The  were absolutely right when they said that  had the most beautiful costume among the cast. Pure, as it is. Zero effects. Wow 

The Week in Movie News: Bill & Ted’s Ex https://ift.tt/2NbIAwX   The Week in Movie News: Bill & Ted’s Excellent Update, ‘Captain Marvel’ Adds More Prestige Talent and More – Need a quick recap on the past week in movie news? Here are the highlights:   BIG NEWS Bill & Ted Face t…

Shazam!'s Zachary Levi Explains What Makes the DC Hero Relevant Today via /r/captainmarvel https://ift.tt/2qVt0Nt

Best Thread on the face of Planet Twitter in the cyber universe for all you  fans out there.    Studios       exclusive    

We are so proud of our inspirational skipper  , who was immense today ,she even managed to shatter our Player of the Match record by receiving a staggering 83% of our members votes !    

Can folks from  PR marketing team help with this?  Our friend has been covering your film since the announcement and an opportunity to meet the team would be an amazing thank you for the YEARS of free coverage he’s given you. 

Calling it now: Captain Marvel scene- she gets the pager message from Fury only to watch her body start to turn to dust. Then somehow, she overcomes it by using her powers....(cheers...fade to black) Bring on Avengers 4.   

Have you picked up a copy of the new issue of Total Film magazine yet? It features a  cover story and comes with a special superhero supplement and Captain Marvel art card:  

Stan Lee’s cameos in Captain Marvel and Avengers 4 are gonna be the greatest things in the world to see now

UPDATE! TWENTY FOUR hours after its debut, the FIRST  trailer has amassed 20 MILLION VIEWS!  THATS WHAT WE CALL 


ZERO TRAILER IS THE FASTEST TRAILER TO HIT 1M LIKES IN THE WORLD  It has now crossed 73Million + views only on YOUTUBE  ZERO: 18Hrs  Infinity War: 21hrs  Thugs of Hindostan: 3Days  Captain Marvel: 7Days  Venom: 12Days     


ATTENTION   FANS !! At NYCC this past weekend I accidentally picked up two of these posters so I want someone else who wants it to have it!       

At the time I remember thinking, 'why am I figuring this out?' But now I know it was for this exact moment.

Brie Larson was told to smile more as Captain Marvel and had the absolute best response https://ti.me/2zmC2I0

The bored, almost lifeless face Brie Larson makes in 99.9% of the Captain Marvel trailer is the same face I make in theaters at every cringe joke in MCU movies that the kids laugh at and grown Disney shills force themselves to laugh at.

+And he doesn’t trust anyone to help him with that more than his great friend and ally, Captain Marvel, who gave him these instructions.


My most recent and most touching tattoo. Which is the image of Captain Marvel comforting a young girl who is terminally I'll. This came from Shazam! The Power of Hope by  and . It's probably my all time favorite tattoo and means alot to me.

It’s fucked up for most everyone who isn’t a white man but Brie Larson is Captain Marvel so you’re gonna have to miss me with the whole “why does the black guy get so many words in the trailer he’s narrating” example

I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://youtu.be/9LXh9ALFLvE?a  Captain Marvel - Weird Trailer | Funny Spoof Parody -- (Reaction!)

Hulk, scarlet witch, vision, Hawkeye, Deadpool, captain marvel, captain America, star lord aka peter quill. That’s more than 5, right?

Oh shit The Marvel Incels are just as bad as DCs Snyderverse incels. Jeez. Some of these YouTube hot takes on Captain Marvel

#MCU Schedule as of 11-20-2018  Captain Marvel: 107 days * Avengers 4: 163 days * Spider-Man Far From Home: 226 days  * I fully expect this date to be moved up a week!  Proposed name for Avengers 4- Avengers: Final Infinity.

y’know, if your hair was still blonde, i’d totally say captain marvel! but, with the red, you might make a cool nb matt murdock (daredevil)! 

god, there’s so many things im looking forward to in the next couple of months/next year: wreck it ralph 2 spiderman: into the spidey verse resident evil 2 remake last of us 2 tdp season 2 captain marvel

This movie is gonna get beaten up by Captain Marvel and Peele's Us. I can imagine this movie making a lot of money during spring break, where it will be up against Dumbo.   All this movie needs to do to be a success is to make the same amount of money that Rango made.

My Captain Marvel admission:   I worshipped at the altar of Carol Danvers for years, but I've never been sold on her as Captain Marvel.

Decided to decorate my pumpkin in honor of the new Captain Marvel movie coming out in March 2019!   (Sorry for the chipping.  I didn’t buy good paint lol)  


2019 is really going to be something.  Not sure I’m ready for it.   March -  April/May -  /  July - :          

This Secret Invasion storyline really explored the darker side of Carol. I like her even more for it.  

if they release the a4 trailer at 6am where i live like captain marvel, i’m gonna be crying on my way to class

Alright we're getting a new #CaptainMarvel ongoing by @79SemiFinalist . Wow she is putting in work with West Coast Avengers, Jessica Jones, Mr. and Mrs. X, and now Captain Marvel. Art by @CarmenCarnero who did amazing work on X-Men Red so this is gonna be awesome!



||: GUYS, GUYS, GUYS. My eyes have been blessed and my bank account has been insulted.  BUT I JUST HAD TOO. YA GIRL IS OFFICIALLY CAPTAIN MARVEL. 

. Who do you think JUDE LAW is playing in the  movie? (POLL Below )   Mar-Vell  OR   Yon-Rogg  Graphic via:   (Be sure to follow them)  

Oh damn no, I just realized that since he has recorded a lot of cameos which can be used in future movies, I'll definitely always gonna have a breakdown when I see him in those future movies.. Spider-Man Far From Home, Captain Marvel, Avenger 4 and hopefully also other ones..  

I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/wpNN-_kXW50?a  MCU: Captain Marvel Prelude ( Why Nick Fury Waited So Long To Call Captain Marvel )

Today in  History,  the talking tiger and mentor to , Mister Tawky Tawny, first appeared in Captain Marvel Adventures #79. September 26, 1947 

I’m confused as to why folks are saying the new captain marvel trailer was underwhelming like wtf did y’all expect for the FIRST trailer?!?! Of course they aren’t gonna give y’all everything off the bat......

I don’t get the hate. I’m super excited for Captain Marvel. She’s such a badass. @brielarson will make a great addition to the MCU

Dear ; If “Make a grown man cry reading a comic book panel” is on your bucket list, go ahead and cross it off.    

"Captain Marvel" #1, from writer @79SemiFinalist and artist @CarmenCarnero, will arrive in January 2019! Learn more: http://bit.ly/2Ot3PyX


Working on the next set of nine. Ahsoka and Lady Liberty will be part of it as well as Captain Marvel, Shuri, Queen Amidala, the 13th Doctor and three more that I haven't decided on yet. :)

People saying Brie Larson isn’t a good choice for Captain Marvel.   You know, just like how RDJ wasn’t a good choice for Iron Man. Or Evans as Captain America. Or Pratt as Star-Lord. Or Rudd as Scott Lang. Or Ruffalo as Hulk. Or Tom Holland as Spidey. How did all those pay off?

I'm captain marvel, storm, shuri, the wasp, angela, proxima midnight, black widow, hawkgirl, agent carter, nebula, hela, okoye, spectrum, stature, medusa, crystal, jessica jones, dagger, gamora 

‘If I have to kill you to stop you, I’m fine with that.’ Absolutely love this photo of my handmade Captain Marvel cosplay. Photo by           

. Me, , , @canaryvision and  are in a groupchat and we literally all love you! Can we please add you to it to discuss stuff like Captain Marvel and Dark Phoenix?!?! 

"Lots of rumours about Moon Knight. .... [3] Mar- Vell The first Captain Marvel was created by Stan Lee and Gene ...... noted that originally the character was intended to look like Pam Grier.

The reshoot for  movie has been started in Los Angeles! https://www.instagram.com/p/BqcfjlJg6Rb/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=1s575qlh39jlx …

NEW EPISODEThis week: , , &  trailers,  first look, &  closes! Plus another ! Ep is here or wherever you get   :      


Yeah, Samuel L Jackson (Nick Fury), Brie Larson (Captain Marvel), Tom Hiddleston (Loki), John C Reilly (Rhomann Dey), and Terry Notary (Cull Obsidian) are all in it!

Happy Birthday to the best Captain in the universe  You are an inspiration to a lot of people including me. Thanks for everything you stand for and I can't wait to see you in action  


 Captain Marvel  !! • • • • • Credit Me If Share (Full Brightness Required) __________________                 


Superman: Hey what song is this  Captain Marvel: I don't know! But I got an app for it on my phone  Superman: Hey that's neat, what's it called?  Captain Marvel:  Superman: What's it called  Superman: Billy

Oh Captain, my Captain! Why the Captain Marvel Trailer Matters  https://thevalkyries.co/2018/10/05/her-a-hero-captain-marvel/ … #marvel #captainmarvel



Kira-kira Stan Lee bakal jadi cameo juga ga ya di Captain Marvel, sekuel Infinity War, sama Spider-Man: Far from Home?

Your birth month is who you will be stuck with forever in a room.  Jan: Bruce Banner Feb: Pizza Mar: Captain America April: Black Widow May: Bucky Barnes Jun: A book.  Jul: Tony Stark Aug: Thor Sep: Black Panther Oct: ur sister Nov: Captain Marvel Dec: Loki Laufeyson

After last months jaw dropping ending I am so excited for The Life Of Captain Marvel tomorrow by  . This is a powerful story about a Hero with real feelings and real problems. Dont miss it TRUE BELIEVERS!

Yas! Part of the official movie concept art by the great ! Well done to you and your team! So so comic accurate! Can’t wait to see this one and much more in HD! Already pre ordered the “Marvel’s  Art of the movie” book! 

I've just begun Monstress, Paper Girls, Nancy Drew and Giant Days, and I'm loving them. On the Marvel side, right now I'd highlight Life of Captain Marvel, Unstoppable Wasp (it's back!), Immortal Hulk, and Jessica Jones.


@muppetk Imagine, though. If Coulson's been Fury's right hand man since the nineties, a la Captain Marvel, the amount of SHIT he has seen. There's a reason he doesn't even blink at this stuff.

Uhh, I’ve heard SO many dudes say: “Brie Larson doesn’t look like she’s having ‘fun’. She’s too serious.”  Translation: “Pretty girls should smile more”  Fellas, please be mindful that these comments reinforce gender stereotypes. Help change culture expectations.  

I made  decorations for Sukkot ( it’s a jewish holiday)  if anyone here celebrates sukkot, happy holiday! if not, have a great Sunday    

All that talk about  not smiling “enough” on the  trailer... I actually went back and counted how many times the lead smiled on their debut. Here’s the tally: IM (2); CA (1); T(1); H (1). ‘Nuff said? Can we move on? 

 is changing up the MCU. https://amctheatres.com/amc-scene/captian-marvel-is-changing-the-mcu?utm_medium=socialmediapost&utm_source=twitter&utm_campaign=sceneblog&utm_content=marketing&utm_term=na&utm_launch=2018-09-25&utm_uid=captainmarvelblog …

‘Captain Marvel - the people and the man behind the champion mare rewriting history.’   A great read by   |  |  https://amp.heraldsun.com.au/sport/superracing/the-people-and-the-man-behind-the-champion-mare-rewriting-history/news-story/9f7dfec07f9bd788e26e3d5f28c92a5d?__twitter_impression=true …

Am I still bitter that...  - After DC promised to bring their characters back to their core and their best version for Rebirth  - After waiting 19 years for them to do a Captain Marvel ongoing series  ... that they’re giving us New 52 Shazam instead?  Yes.  Yes, I am. 

Captain Marvel to join Marvel Season of Super Heroes at Walt Disney Studios Park this spring (March 23 - June 16) 

Been busy lately so haven't had much time to draw but sketching any member of the marvel family is a nice way to warm up.        

when funko releases captain marvel pops it’s over for me and the 4 dollars i currently have to my name

Marvel’s favorite Super Heroes return to teach the benefits of friendship, co-operation and heroism, in Season 2 of "Marvel Super Hero Adventures," premiering Monday, October 22nd on Disney Junior, Disney Channel and in the DisneyNOW app.  

So yh, 2018 is passing and taking Stan Lee with it. I guess we wont be seing you in the Captain Marvel movie then  RIP  

As March 2019 draws ever closer, this is just a little reminder that  won't be the first time Carol Danvers () and Phil Coulson () met...but it will be the first time they're on the same side.  

Real  men  stan    too!    Love you, you’re gonna crush it in March!  Thanks for being such a great inspiration - and soon, a perfect role model for my sister! Now, go get Thanos...  


 en loas degradaciones de   Tu Mundo, Nuestro Mundo. https://www.instagram.com/clic.geek/p/Bqa_CkfllCo/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=198enwzp9e724 …

Captain Marvel went out tonight busting out of Carol Danver's street clothes.  I was so excited to be my favorite comic character.    

I think I wanna dress up like Captain Marvel for Halloween, please help me find the best costume that I can get in less than a week cc: @TylerHuckabee

Shazam! Gets Ready For Reshoots, Sparking Fan Hopes For Superman Cameo via /r/captainmarvel https://ift.tt/2ER1ydc

 has released MCU's official timeline. The timeline comes as part of the Marvel Studios: The First 10 Years sourcebook and it doesn't include  yet, but we already know the movie takes place in 1995.  Check out the timeline: 

me watching kong skull island: okay so that's nick fury facing off against loki and captain marvel and oh hey it's that one guy from the good place AND IT'S PILLBOI ALSO FROM THE GOOD PLACE!!!

Live recording a new episode of  with     venom, Captain Marvel, Spider-Man, Joker movie and all the things! 

A TRUE SUPERHERO. Brie Larson was told to smile more as Captain Marvel and had the absolute best response      

I’m just saying if Coulson in , ,  (ie. Dead) etc. is the real Phil Coulson and then the Agent Coulson on  is a skrull it would tie up a LOT of loose ends.

some of y’all over here talking bout “wHere WaS cArOl DAnVeRs whEn  ______ hAppEneD?!?!!? sMH” when we only have a trailer for Captain Marvel?? like sis wait til the movie lol


You know what... we got Infinity War this year. I totally expect the next few superhero movies to be mediocre at best. Venom, Captain Marvel and Dark Phoenix all look lackluster af and I've made my peace with that.


#Marvel #CaptainMarvel #Avengers4 #RIPStanLee i got awesome news stan lee got his cameos done in avengers 4 and captain marvel os we get to see him 2 more times

I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://youtu.be/t0HP7jomtd4?a  Avengers 4 Captain Marvel Prequel Teaser and New Plot Synopsis

Captain Marvel: Brie Larson is back on set https://b-larson.net/captain-marvel-brie-larson-is-back-on-set/ …

Gather up your strength and fuel up with these #CaptainMarvel pies! Get the recipe and watch "#MarvelRising: Secret Warriors" on DisneyNOW:http://bit.ly/2CTcSTI

In every Marvel superhero trailer with its stone-faced male lead(s), never once did I hear "he looks blank and expressionless. He can't act. He should smile more." Those complaints leveled at  is grade A chauvinism/sexism.  That's so obvious it's almost sad.

Look we all know she has an aged since ER. They should’ve put her and Captain Marvel for that reason alone. It would’ve been very cheap

Work in progress. Pencils and inks for old school Ms Marvel. I know it’s hip to trash this look to praise Carol’s current Captain Marvel gear, but I’ve always dug the black bodysuit and red sash look. 

A couple panels from Marvel Comics Presents #50 where I snuck in an unauthorised appearance of Fawcett's Captain Marvel. 

I find it cool that the new Doctor and Captain Marvel made their entrances falling through roofs #Lucky13LiveTweet #DoctorWho⁠ ⁠ #TARDIS⁠ ⁠ #TARBIS

He added: “Little girls will see Brie Larson as Captain Marvel and be inspired that someone just like them are saving the [world.] Your skin, gender or physical ability might make you feel different, but ‘different’ isn’t too far from ‘unique.’ 

carol/brie: hey- zachary levi/dc fanboys: YOU STOLE THE CAPTAIN MARVEL NAME SHAZAM IS THE REAL CAPTAIN MARVEL

The difference of how seriously @thenbhdsarah @_addiecollins_ and I took the Captain Marvel trailer and the Aquaman trailer is my favorite thing


JUST LOOK AT HOW POWERFUL AND UNBEATABLE CAPTAIN MARVEL AND WONDER WOMAN WOULD BE IF THEY TEAMED UP TOGETHER ????? UGH WE LOVE POWERFUL WOMEN 

MAN, IAM THE PROUDEST FAN EVER. UBER PROUD of you !THANK U for your immersion and devotion.  And you rocked that design  - so comic accurate, it really stands out!  

@ColliderVideo @markellislive do you think captain marvel will get the infinity gauntlet and reverse time to bring back the heroes in avengers 4, thoughts, thanks #ColliderMovieTalk

Blockbuster wouldn't be able to put that many copies of a movie into the market without utterly flooding it under that price model, so Captain Marvel is using it to emphasize the 'retro' setting.  You know how movies set in the 20s show kids buying candy for a nickel? Same thing.

I was already obsessed with all things , but there was something wonderfully familiar re the poster design...it’s just clicked, and my heart is soaring  


Captain Marvel is a great Manager, and this bio tells of her adventure. Captain Marvel  usually behaves like a watchman observing everyone, then she assigns targets, and later on she goes  to play  water polo

People complaining about  not smiling in the  trailer is the dumbest shit I’ve heard... Have these people never heard of “tone” or complained when other MCU characters never smiled?



 This is artist C C Beck’s depiction of Billy Batson’s transformation to .  He would hand these out in comic cons. 

Ngl I'm worried that Captain Marvel will have that problem in the MCU but at the same time I think they are smart enough to avoid that

My lineup for ! I’ll be Dark Phoenix on Friday, Captain Marvel Saturday and Scarlet Witch on Sunday. I really hope Chris Claremont likes my Phoenix cosplay! Looking forward to seeing some of you there     

Petition for Fantastic Beasts’ Katherine Waterston & Captain Marvel’s  to play twin bank robbers or some sort of modern Prince & the Pauper adaptation or something because DAMN

we got captain marvel's trailer, loki's and wanda's tv show AND the Black Widow movie that promise the rise of buckynat  I AM: DEADASS

I like when people who don’t follow me do a drive-by like this.  I tweeted the correction about the Captain Marvel contract thing. If you took one second to actually look at my Twitter feed you’d see that. 


my lock screen was the captain marvel fan art done by bosslogic for months but it was time for a change and i’m so in love with this fan art (by joe quinones) 

please god if you’re out there, if you’re listening please don’t let captain marvel be a disappointing movie...please 

My written comic book reviews for Life of  #4,  #14, Hack/Slash Resurrection #12, Strangers in Paradise XXV, and Exorcisers #1         


Thank you for the "Ronan Funko" 411, LoveLee Mar . We are "Ronan" Ready ! Bring it on . This is Captain Marvelous. And, while you're at it Funko, please make us all Hobbit Happy...Bring on Royal Thranduil.    

5 things I will never be convinced otherwise:  1. His name is Captain Marvel 2. Cyclops is a terrorist 3. Carol Danvers is human garbage 4. Stephanie Brown is not a legit Robin 5. BvS is a travesty of a movie.  No one is required to agree with me.

Looking for someone who can help model an object in 3D for a Captain Marvel project. Tweet me or DM me. 

Paying homage to the true Superhero ... He gave us adventures, excitement, Good vs Evil... You'll never be forgotten... R.I.P. Captain Marvel 

SPIDEY COMPLETISTS! Cameo of the Earth-199999 web-swinger in Marvel Studios Captain Marvel Prelude #1. 

ok but 2019 has captain marvel, avengers 4, the last GoT season and the met ball.... can this year end already

Not at all... I know the MCU is going full PC starting with Captain Marvel. Ialready let go of it... Thank you Disney for killing another franchise.



A few days since I'm back from NYCC and just wanted to thank everyone for the support, being a Marvel exclusive artist and getting to draw Captain Marvel #1 is unbelievable. THANK YOU! 


The MCU isn't our reality.  Tony Stark and Steve Rogers aren't Iron Man and Captain America.  They are just Tony and Steve.    Screen Rant: Captain Marvel Movie's 1990s Timeline CAN'T Make Sense.   via 

Artist BossLogic has created a new piece that shows us what Brie Larson could look like as Samus Aran in the Metroid movie. Earlier this week, the Captain Marvel star shared her epic Zero... 

Rumors are that Marvel is making a Nick Fury show. I figure it needs to be set in the present day since we're already going to see the young Nick Fury in Captain Marvel and those de-aging effects seem expensive.

Try again, #Shazam was created in 1939 while Captain Marvel didn't get introduced almost 30 years later.   S.H.A.Z.A.M!

Frankfurt Book Fair was a lot of fun  For some reason I now have a mighty need to Cosplay more from Marvel but I can't decide what   I'm seriously considering trying Yondu and/or Squirrel Girl next year  or maybe Captain Marvel?

The Likes Of  And  Represent The Next Stage In The Evolution Of The Comic Book Superhero Movie...  via  by 

An official new CAPTAIN MARVEL description describes the hero as "holding the key to the Avengers!"   

i have a feeling miss grande will appear in another disney soundtrack i think it might be for the aladdin movie or even the captain marvel movie

Another character I really like is , especially with  movie coming out! Since she has , I tried to do an experiment where I bent metal. What happens when  gets too cold? It doesn't bend...it breaks. Oops  

New episode! We react to the  trailer! Review ! Discuss possible  shows starring  & ! Review  & talk the latest from    iTunes:

Disney 2019 Captain Marvel 3/8/19 Dumbo (2019) 3/29/19 Penguins (Disneynature) 4/17/19 Untitled Avengers 5/3/19 Aladdin (2019) 5/24/19 Toy Story 4 6/21/19 The Lion King (2019) 7/19/19 Artemis Fowl 8/9/19 Frozen 2 11/27/19 Star Wars: Episode IX 12/20/19

So.  You're thinking it might not be a big deal of you don't vote and disappoint Captain Marvel.  You're wrong. And not only will you be wrong, but you'll be wrong AND Captain America will be disappointed in you too. 

And I kind of want her to take over the Fury role of a new Avengers led by Captain Marvel, with Valkyrie, Hope, Misty Knight, Colleen Wing, and Bucky (as the token fella on the team).

The real #CaptainMarvelChallenge is to watch the #CaptainMarvel trailer at least once a day, every day until the movie releases. I’m gonna try to do it loool @brielarson THIS IS FOR YOU I LOVE YOU

I honestly don’t care to see Brie Larson as Captain Marvel ...   I’m only watching it because it’s the prelude to Avengers 4 & I want to see how her Pantene Pro-V Head ass plans to save the day 

every time i watch the captain marvel trailer my heart stops for the entire 1 minute and 57 seconds should i see a doctor


Can't believe the legend passed away!! This guy gave us so many superheroes like      and my favourite, the loudmouth Deadpool. Will surely miss this guy and his cameos. Rest In Peace, Stan Lee sir

Captain marvel  2018 World Cup star  Speedy forward   We pick out the  players to watch ahead of the  final!


Could you imagine the mindf*ck delivered to us if at the end of the Captain Marvel film, Carol is shown holding a pager, and as she receives Fury's message, turns to dust.

I got a lot of flak for my disagreement for how they're approaching Captain Marvel, namely my criticism for the man-child take, but the truth is the movie they're being sold is essentially a Prime movie under the guise of a Captain Marvel movie (but with more of a comedic take.) 

Since Superman: Birthright, with Superman's ability to see a person's "life aura" as I like to see it, there's one thing I've always wanted to write:  Superman meets Captain Marvel and finds that his aura is unlike any he's ever seen, and +

BRIE’S CONTRACT INCLUDES SEVEN FILMS THAT MEANS WE’RE GETTING CAPTAIN MARVEL IN SEVEN FREAKING FILMS IM SCREAMING

FASTEST TRAILER TO HIT 1M LIKES IN THE WORLD ZERO - 18Hrs. InfinityWar - 21hrs. ThugsOfHindostan - 3Days. CaptainMarvel - 7Days. Venom - 12Days. #ZeroMostLikedIndTrailer

Here's what you need to know before Captain Marvel and Shazam hit the big screen! Collectors for 11-11-18. See more at          s  

How in the hell can a little kids comic do a better job at making  into a hero and having a personality than 3 issues of The Life Of Captian Marvel series!?! And she learned a lesson!? Madness    @nerkish 

My girls asked to pose with the  poster. I shared the picture on Twitter and tagged  in the post. She liked the photo, and I told my oldest, and she got super excited. We are all so excited to see this movie.  status unlocke…  

marvel is giving us everything we ever wanted... a loki series, a bucky and sam series, possibly sam as the next captain america, avengers 4 possibly being 3 hours long, captain marvel, miles morales and the others... we’re FEASTING !

Oh wow, we get Captain Marvel, Dark Phoenix, Avengers 4, Spider-Man: Far From Home, and New Mutants next year! 


ET was first on the set of Marvel's upcoming 'Captain Marvel' to talk suits and stuntwork with Larson and Samuel L. Jackson. 

Shadowcat Spider-Man Storm Wolverine Magick Colossus Elasti-Girl The Flash (Barry Allen) Mirage (Dani Moonstar) Captain Marvel (Billy Batson)  (Incidentally, this would also make a great super team.)

Finished  earlier today before work. It was amazing Watched it all in a day. I need another hit of Marvel Studios to tie me over until  (hopefully Punisher season 2) I'm a MCU junkie lol 

The club kept us waiting  but  have finally confirmed that Captain Marvel has re-signed for 2019. I will drink to that tonight! 

I already know I'm going to fall in love with Phillip J. Coulson all over again in #CaptainMarvel. =""") BRING ON THE TEARS AND HEART EYES #CoulsonLives @clarkgregg

This morning a guy in yoga told me I look like  and every time he sees me he thinks captain marvel is doing yoga and that’s easily the best compliment I’ve ever received

Eh, early April will give it minimum MCU contact. Captain Marvel might be at the tail end of it's run and by the time Avengers 4 starts Hellboy would have already had three weekends or so under it's belt.

If Brie Larson’s acting in the CAPTAIN MARVEL trailer is bad, then so is Ryan Gosling’s in BLADE RUNNER 2049.  #Biased

Pinar Toprak hopes that gender was not a factor in scoring : "Before this film, I scored 40 feature films. I've been in this town for 20 years... I've been studying music since I was four years old"   

I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/T-jpQxJ5ahk?a  Biggest Reveals From Captain Marvel Prelude Comic | Explained in Hindi

Me: excuse me, do you have any Captain Marvel shirts?  Employee: you mean aside from those? *points to captain America shirts*  Me: oh dear...

I’m so excited for next Halloween when Captain Marvel costumes are in stores. There’s going to be little girls and boys who want to be her and I can’t wait

Kinda All-New, Somewhat All-Different   Header! Captain Marvel = ! Thanos = ! Spidey = ! Luna Snow = ! Wolverine = !

men really out there disliking captain marvel because her suit is covering her whole body. men are what? trash.

Daredevil  Miss America Moon Knight  Hawkeye  Iron Man Captain Marvel (Carol Danvers) Thor Hulk/Bruce Banner  Quake 


deal about it. I guess with the turmoil taking place right now, people need hope the Avengers are doing what we can to save every. News Outlets have been harassing me constantly. “Captain Marvel, Captain Marvel, Captain Marvel.” And as much as I love being Captain Marvel, I need

BUT THINKING ABOUT THIS TITLE, who's gonna be the last avenger? probably Captain Marvel cause she's a new character,, AND MAYBE STEVE ISN'T GOING TO DIE.

 Since no one is selling your  yet we are having to make our own. Come on    get with the program!  

MCU fans: hel-  DCEU fans: CAPTAIN MARVEL IS COPYING DC WE DID IT FIRST THERES ONLY ROOM FOR ONE FEMALE SUPERHERO BRIE LARSON MORE LIKE GAL GADOT OH SO YOU WANT A FEMALE DIRECTOR FOR THE ETERNALS MOVIE?? MARVEL IS COPYING DC AGAIN?!?!!!?

Damn I LOVE this pic :::squee::: both are equally excited to be there & both are equally excited for each other!! I can’t wait to see Doctor Strange help Captain Marvel save the world!!! 

Some cool tidbits from the  Visual Dictionary on .  Maybe we see the  in ?  And Ronan slept in  blood?      


 February 2019 Solicitations  Some lovely  reprints coming!  A dollar each, buy a couple to share!   #1  vs  #1  - / War #1  -  #1   Cosmic

Us as S.H.I.E.L.D. fans are looking forward to Phil Coulson's return to the big screen and meeting  for the first time.   

 Captain Marvel inspiration is the Kelly Sue DeConnick run? The one that got cancelled due to low sales? Hopefully the only "inspiration" is the title.  

- CAPTAIN MARVEL - AVENGERS 4 - TOY STORY 4 - SPIDERMAN FFH - GOT SEASON 8 - STAR WARS EPISODE IX - SILICON VALLEY SEASON 6

Kelly Thompson is going to write Captain Marvel now? Bloody hell, she really is on a crusade to take over everything I love and make it all worse and more heterosexual.


The Spectre (Jim) Doctor Fate (Kent) Captain Marvel (Billy) Swamp Thing  Deadman Etrigan Phantom Stranger Zatanna Constantine  The Flash (Barry) 


I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/t0HP7jomtd4?a  Avengers 4 Captain Marvel Prequel Teaser and New Plot Synopsis Breakdown

captain marvel: trailer, poster, set pics, interviews  far from home: many set pics, active cast, lots of background info avengers: four

Captain marvel : 1 week 40M views 1M likes TOH : 4 days 45M views 1M likes   #RecordSmashingTHUGSTrailer @SrBachchan @aamir_khan #KatrinaKaif @fattysanashaikh

I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://youtu.be/cCxSL47KD78?a  CAPTAIN MARVEL - OFFICIAL TRAILER

Honestly I'd be fine if the first 30 min was Captain Marvel and the avengers taking down Thanos and the other 2 1/2 hours was Carol and the gang doing karaoke 

Me after the concert : right. I can now die in peace. Calendar : Fantastic Beasts out in a month, Captain Marvel in 5, HTTYD next year, Av- Me : okay nevermind I take that back. Guess I'll die later

It's time...he has been doing the character 10 years. Marvel is about to release the next wave of actors to take over MCU. Spiderman Black Panther Captain Marvel etc. Cap Iron Man Hulk Thor etc hanging it up

Preview de Marvel Super Hero Adventures: Captain Marvel - Halloween Spooktacular #1 par , , , , Mario Del Pennino,  et Keiren Smith chez    http://www.buzzcomics.net/showpost.php?p=1771248&postcount=1 …pic.twitter.com/argmLWlqfU

|￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣|     Captain Marvel isn’t     the most powerful DC       superhero, he Flash is.  |＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿|                  \ (•◡•) /                    \      /                      --- 

men are so stupid petition for captain marvel (2019) to be watched by everyone except cishet men breathe to sign

Avengers Infinity War: Captain Marvel end credits scene was nearly different - here's how - read more -   The post-credits moment saw Samuel L Jackson’s Nick Fury meeting the same ashy demise that was hitting half the universe; but not before he used a ...

Remained day Movie Marvel 2019  Captain Marvel: 144 day Avengers 4: 194 day Spider-Man:Far From Home:264 day

My  comic of the week is Shazam! #5 which published on June 19, 1973 and had a cover date of September 1973.  It featured 2 new  stories and a reprint of a golden-age Captain Marvel Jr story. 

Who is Jude Law playing? Where did Captain Marvel get her powers? We miss Samuel L. Jackson! #CaptainMarvel http://bit.ly/2BgFy7O


TRAILER VIEWS 2019  1  35,14M 2  24,52M 3  21,73M 4  13,26M 5  12,46M 6  12,16M 7  10,44M 8  8,35M 9  4,97M 10  4,32M 11  3,18M 

'Jumanji' Sequel To Start Filming On January 21st In Atlanta - Adds 'Captain Marvel' Art Director - []

two panels into kelly thompson’s captain marvel series tony and carol are gonna make out while arguing with each other

Happy birthday to Captain Marvel herself, ! The talented actress turns 29 today. We hope she has a marvelous day!

Brie Larson responding to the people complaining about Captain Marvel not smiling enough respect our captain. 

Captain Marvel, a story about an alien discovering their home among mankind, has a Blockbuster appear within its first few seconds.  This isn't just set dressing for a period gone by. 

MCU stans need to go and support Aquaman.   DCEU stand need to go support Captain Marvel.   We all need to go support Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse  We should support all franchises and rejoice that we that we're living in the Age of Superhero Movies. Put aside the bullshit. 

Theme Park Bits: 'Fantastic Beasts' Wizard Wands, Meet Captain Marvel and Wreck-It Ralph, Tiki Bird Flies Solo  

I can’t wait for March! Not only I will be going to Disney, but I will also be watching  for my birthday. It’s going to be epic!  

Some of Stan Lee’s co-creations:  Spider-Man X-Men Iron Man Thor The Hulk Black Panther Ant-Man Fantastic Four Doctor Strange Hawkeye Daredevil Black Widow Nick Fury Inhumans Captain Marvel S.H.I.E.L.D. Avengers Magneto Doctor Doom Green Goblin 


Y’all realize the end of captain marvel is probably gonna be sad as fuck and that’s why she’s not in the current mcu right?

Just seen the trailer for captain marvel kinda bummed they didn’t cast @sammyjostimpson but I’ll still see it

Captain Marvel meet-and-greet character to join fellow Avengers at Disney California Adventure https://trib.al/ESEf1wg

Agent Peggy Carter was in a scene of Ant-Man set in 1989. She was 68, & still an active member of S.H.I.E.L.D. Captain Marvel is set in 1995. Peggy Carter would be 74 and I have no reason to believe she wouldn’t still be working there.   So why she not in this movie????

Please  check out the "Captain Marvel" trailer I re-scored with my own original music. Also I would really appreciate it if you could critique what I have created so I can become better, and keep me in mind if a position ever opens up on your team. I hope you enjoy! 

@MiniB622 Just saw Marvel Rising Secret Warriors Such an amazing movie, can’t wait to see more of this team!! @MarvelStudios @CaptMarvelNews @chloebennet Love Quake and Captain Marvel

Can't decide which present was my favourite but this is among the top!  thank you so much to my amazing sister! 

We already have the gorgeous  as Captain Marvel , but Sooner or later  will have another "Marvel chick".. Yes , I'm talking about of our beloved redhead from X-Men "Marvel Girl " aka JEAN GREY     Marvel Girl    by : effieB on deviantART


For clarity, the 2nd pic is him taking on a depowered Superman (who was still able to lift heavy objects like cars), 3rd pic is Manta surviving a beatdown by Mazahs (evil analogy for Captain Marvel/Shazam).

First article from  's new blog! Captain Marvel fans unite!  How a Fangirl Became a Perky Nerd      

Inktober day 6 - Nick Fury  Looking forward to seeing how he gets his eye patch in Captain Marvel.  I also did a version with some color too.       ing   

#MCU Schedule as of 11-15-2018  Captain Marvel: 112 days * Avengers 4: 168 days * Spider-Man Far From Home: 231 days  * I fully expect this date to be moved up a week!  Proposed name for Avengers 4- Avengers: The Universal Church Of Thanos.


Whose avengers squad would win vs Thanos  Drew’s- Thor, Dr. Strange, Vision, Hawkeye, & Winter Soldier Liz- Hulk, Ironman, Star-Lord, & Nick Fury Tyler-Captain Marvel, Black Panther, Scarlet Witch, Nebula, & Falcon  See the tweet below for all of our options tonight!

Grace is so fucking dumb, it actually hurts.  "WW84 backs away from a fight with Captain Marvel"  WW84 had a November release, CM has a March release. Yeah, she backed away from a non-existent fight, 8 freaking months apart. How dumb can you be? 

So the other night I was at Walmart and picked up the Superman 100 Page Giant #4, and even if I hadn't got issue 3 before, this great Andy Kubert cover with Superman vs Captain Marvel would've made it an instant sell.  why isn't Andy Kubert on a monthly book? Adam too?

Dark Phoenix trailer had the same feel as the Captain Marvel trailer. But MCU fans only bashing one.


@SamuelLJackson  Why is Nick Fury in Ant-Man & The Wasp, JK, I know your not Lawrence Fishburne, can't wait to see you in Captain Marvel.

YAS! The Avengers vs The Sentry In today’s The Sentry #5!!   Thor: “Aye.  and I do not wish to hurt you.”  

Had to cut it off I was about to go off topic but    and Studios fix your shit, this comic adds nothing to the movie, if you released this with infinity or civil war it’d make more sense but this is BS  This is why you shouldn’t buy the Captain Marvel Prelude Comic 

From ‘The Dark Knight Rises’ to ‘Ready Player One,’ Ben Mendelsohn has become Hollywood’s go-to baddie. With new projects on the horizon, including ‘Captain Marvel,’ the Australian actor sits down with Playboy to share why he's just so good at playing bad.   

Wish i could Use the Time stone to watch these movies .  - Venom  - Captain Marvel  - Avengers 4  - Spiderman - Far from Home  - Guardians of the Galaxy Vol 3 - Black Panther 2. - Shazam  - Aquaman  - Bumblebee

Hill probably was the responsible for helping Steve breaking into The Raft to save the other heroes. Also we also her and Fury going underground in order to bring The Avengers together, because if they can do it they'll never have to call "her" which clearly means Captain Marvel. 

Have a “Marvel-ous” Saturday out there folks!! Swing by   and check out what I have available during my online only NYCC FOMO Sale!! Ends tomorrow!!!   

 new prelude!!!! Nick tried to convince Steve to talk once again with Tony while the Secret Avengers (Natasha, Steve and Sam) are doing missions. In the beginning of the comic Maria is the one helping Steve to get everyone out of the Raft with Natasha assistance 

"Shazam Introduces More Tonal Diversity" - Part of How The DCEU Is Rebooting In 2019 via /r/captainmarvel https://ift.tt/2FyJsgB

When the craft table upped their game and replaced the normal Hot Pockets with Croissant Pockets ° ° ° ° °    s  s  s @captainmarvel_ig 

I don't think  is moving out of fear of , since they would've been coming out several months apart anyway. There's no proof to back that theory up. CM wouldn't have hurt WW's box office, or vice versa.

— would have apologized almost instantly. "You know, I think I just might go along with this, and if they call me up onto the stage, I'll give my best... / beside/ imagine the press 'Magician, turns Captain Marvel /INVISIBLE/'" a loud bundle —

I had the honor of hosting the  contest for the kids  . They were all so cute and had amazing costumes! I was      girl

How is it I feel like I know so much more about Far From Home but know nothing about Captain Marvel and Avengers 4 

What's up with the timeline in the Captain Marvel trailer?  Here's our attempt at straightening out the timeline to understand how things fit into the larger MCU narrative:  

This happens AFTER DK pees on him though. It's a complicated plot, but Captain Marvel and Ant Man and Groot are all there so it's fun. 

Why not just have Captain Marvel or Bucky Barnes take his place as a leader or that role within the Avengers? Would be a smooth transition imo. 

the CAPTAIN MARVEL trailer just played on all of the demo tvs at target and NO I’M NOT CRYING IT’S JUST LIKE   DUSTY OR SOMETHING

The Danvers family secret finally revealed and it will change everything for  in the new issue of  from    and  my review 



 It’s amazing how characters created in the late 1930s and ‘40s like  and  continue to inspire and motivate us into the 21st century!

Does anyone know if Captain Marvel is represented at UOR at all? If not, I'd be surprised if she doesn't show up at DHS (or Epcot?) sooner or later...


hey guys i know we're all hyped for captain marvel and a4 but don't forget that next week we'll have venom and into the spider-verse in december AND PLEASE DON'T FORGET FFH IN JULY 2019

We lost another legend today. I don't know how will I watch Avengers and Captain Marvel without the feeling of brokeness knowing there will be no more Legend on the next X-men movie. 

The next  comic is out next month, a new comic run starts in January, we are getting a separate one-shot in February, and a movie in March. Wow, the  really are winning

   The guys talk  and that is all that really matters. However they do also talk   and have a returning guest! check it out coworkers! 

#MCU Schedule as of 10-22-2018  Captain Marvel: 136 days * Avengers 4: 192 days * Spider-Man Far From Home: 255 days  * I fully expect this date to be moved up a week!  Proposed name for Avengers 4- Avengers: Luke Cage And Iron Fist Join The Team (Maybe?).

I’ve never felt so badass.  Tell your girls they can be princesses if they want, but why not be the most powerful Avenger in the universe.   from all of us at !!

SOOOO PROUD!!  just hit ONE MILLION LIKES (thumbs up) ON YOUTUBE! ONLY  achieved that mark with a single trailer!  SHOUT OUT TO MY  !!!! AAA ALMOST 40M views AAA

Ok who #trailered better @captainmarvel or @DarkPhoenix2019 @SuperheroPOLL @MoviePolls4U #FilmTwitter #PodernFamily

 1975  Issue #1 of The  comic from  (UK) is published in their short lived 'landscape format'.  The first edition arrives with a free poster.  Featuring , Nick Fury and , it was cancelled in Nov 1976 to merge with a sister title. 


Hello! Can you guys help me reach 3999 retweets for this Captain Marvel backpack? Ill totally appreciate it! Thank you  for doing this!

my local bargain store has the civil war II individual issues in a bundle for $4.99 AND captain marvel’s #1 for $4.99...... we love a SCAM. a tru scam


  We literally can't keep up with the news on this week's podcast  We talk       and more! Subscribe to the  podcast for more news every week!

Brie Larson is an utter godsend and we do not deserve her talent. Captain Marvel will be what girls need everywhere and I can’t wait. 


Thanks so much to this wonderful icon who is an inspiration to every introverted girl like me. #brielarson #CaptainMarvel

Good news - we are closer to Captain Marvel release than Infinity War release! https://ift.tt/2IEwXhi

Progress in Hollywood is slow and sporadic, but I was struck by something today.  We saw “Venom,” and seven trailers played: “Creed II,” “Aquaman,” “Bumblebee,” “Alita,” “Spider-Verse,” “Glass” and “Captain Marvel.”  Number of times the lead/title character was a white man: zero.

Captain Marvel is gonna end with Ronan the accusor being lowered into a coffin....to be resurrected at the beginning of Guardians of the Galaxy 1.

Me: Happy Halloween, Captain Marvel! Girl dressed as Carol Danvers, but with the lightning bolt not the star: See, HE knew who I was! #nerdhouse

[BREAKING] To celebrate the release of her new movie, Captain Marvel will be landing at Disneyland Paris for the first time ever as part of Marvel Season of Super Heroes from March 23 to June 16, 2019! 

Yes. And I look forward to are more Captain Marvel and Black Panther films as well as Eternals but I also want more diverse heroes so hopefully Kamala Khan or America Chavez get in for example. 

I wasn’t sure when I did this previous tweet. You are right, but we are still going to be heartbroken when we will see Stan cameo in A4 and Captain Marvel

I was Captain Marvel yesterday for a Halloween street parade and it was so much fun! I got to ride in a Ferret too thanks to my friend Cam Can't wait to do a proper shoot in this costume, what do you think? 


's Samus Aran is one of the biggest heroines in video games, and it turns out Captain Marvel herself, Brie Larson, would love to play her in a movie. 

Black Widow, Captain Marvel, Scarlet Witch, Wasp, Rescue, Valkyrie, Shuri, Okoye, Gamora, Nebula, and Mantis all in Avengers 4  I don’t deserve

I’ve seen it three thousand times but the transition from her to a hero in the captain marvel trailer still makes me jizz my pants

New : Knox and I argue about Maroon 5, the Royal Family, witchcraft, sexy costumes, Captain Marvel, Space Jam 2, and more. 

I AM NO LONGER ACCEPTING THE THINGS I CANNOT CHANGE.  I AM CHANGING THE THINGS I CANNOT ACCEPT.                

next Halloween will be full of little girls dressed up as Captain Marvel and I’m tearing up just thinking about it :’)

How the original Captain Marvel deals with bullies:  He talks to them.  And even helps a bully's father (who himself was also a bully) get a job. 

If you had to pick your top five Avengers against Thanos, who would they be? IronMan, Thor, Doctor Strange, Hulk and Captain America.... or maybe  man.... no wait nvm Captain Marvel  sorry y’all lol

“Helping you fit into this place? Making you feel human? That was my fight.” THE LIFE OF  #4 OUT NOW! 

2019 is going to be insane when it comes to cbm's. We're getting , , , , , , , , and . It's going to be favourite year when it comes to movies, I already know it!

I don’t wanna die before 2020; March: Captain Marvel April: Game of Thrones Last Season, Hellboy May: Avengers 4, Detective Pikachu June: X-Men - Dark Phoenix July: Spider-Man: Far From Home September : Stranger Things Season 3  October: Joker December: Star Wars: Episode IX  

So I think  thought it was crazy when I said  pinpointed the exact date of  by the trailer references. But he did.   https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=6IIOM8Sue2E …https://twitter.com/manabyte/status/1060877681485475840 …

 showed us that, even with the ,  was too strong to defeat, but was there a real reason for that? According to the  Prelude, there is. Dan reveals how on today's Nerdist News!  

HI i just came back to my fan account to say WHAT IF THE POST CREDITS SCENE OF CAPTAIN MARVEL WILL FEATURE THE A-FORCE. MY BODY IS SHAKING RN

Wait second? People are actually complaining about Captain Marvel punching an old lady in the trailer? Ahhh...must...not...type....snarky...response... 

#CarolCorps members: please follow the @brielarsons fan account on Instagram! I just acquired the account from someone else who didn’t want it anymore. How fast can we make it to 1000 followers?  #BrieLarson #CaptainMarvel #CarolDanvers

the life of captain marvel #4 [2018] —CAROL’S ORIGIN HAS OFFICIALLY BEEN REWRITTEN, AND I MAY OR MAY NOT BE CRYING.  —NOT BORROWED  NOT A GIFT  NOT AN ACCIDENT  —(the life of captain marvel #4 is out today!! buy it people!!) 

I wonder if Captain Marvel being announced was in response to WW being announced a few weeks prior,  Probably not,   but should be interesting to see if Adam Warlock could easily slot in her place when she arrives in Avengers 4 


my brother says that brie larson isn’t the right actress to play captain marvel because she doesn’t have a great ass??  what the fuck??

Brie Larson signs a 7-picture deal with Marvel Studios, starting with a $5 million payday for #CaptainMarvel http://bit.ly/2OV7LJ2

Just imagine this scene in  will give Total Goosebumps for sure with     and       Get Ready to Face The   

Here's a great picture of Cull, again showing that his sash is orange and purple and obviously is NOT Captain Marvel's sash. 

In the spirit of the NYCC, lets sketch a Marvel character yet to be done right in any movie. And looking at the Captain Marvel trailer and the fact that Gunn is done, now may never be. 

@ all the ppl in reddit saying they hope may would appear with coulson in captain marvel: i see you and i feel you

96 people voted for me to get a captain marvel backpack and that’s what I did! I started sweating because it was so expensive, but the lady in line behind me whispered “good choice” and I knew she was right 

Confession: I literally had no idea who is captain marvel (carol danvers) And I had no idea who was Brie Larson, the only time I found out about carol danvers existences And Brie existence is when captain marvel trailer dropped

Once again we are proud as punch that the great @SusanontheLedge joined @RandomMnky with Ren, @ThomasConnorsJr and Harvey Cthulhu for Ladies Night last night. Great show! #CaptainMarvel Trailer, Bert & Ernie, #MaryPoppins - Ladies Nighthttps://youtu.be/gBkTzDPLNuc

Shoulda been Emily blunt. I was disappointed when she couldnt do the movie and they went with scarlett  Scarlett shoulda been captain marvel

i was hesitant with this but oh well what wouldn’t I do for my captain, I can’t wait to feel the empowerment, confidence and inspiration captain marvel and Brie will give us, this is for her and nishat only     love y’all with all my heart 

y’all saying the rip at the end of avengers are dumb real fans know it’s gonna pop up in captain marvel first

I thought this post of Brie Larson was fake, but it was an actual post that was later deleted. Stan built the playground that you get to play Captain Marvel in. I expected more out of the actress who gets to portray her. What in the world is her problem? 

Captain Marvel goodness with death bird! . . .        s    … https://www.instagram.com/p/BqGY2p-huh0/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=12r6glp3odf1o …

I'm kinda mad she didn't get this before Captain Marvel! I feel like we aren't as interested in her storyline anymore cause it's been so long. But I hope it's done well because she deserves it

Hey, m'good bitches, let's assume that EVEN IF the old lady #CaptainMarvel is punching isn't a Skrull (even though she 100% is), the HERO OF THE STORY probably has a pretty good reason for it. In an initial teaser trailer. That gives us a whole minute of footage. Cool? Cool.

i can't believe i didn't know ronan was lee pace when i first started thirst about ronan in captain marvel......universe really works in mysterious ways

i cant wait to have my matching wasp and captain marvel keychains LESBIAN RIGHTS!!!! i wish i had a ghost one though :/

You did not even wait the release of the upcoming biggest movies of 2019, Captain Marvel and most of all the Avengers 4. However, we will miss you  forever and always. 


Mr Lee. Thank you for giving us an escape, giving us hope, and letting us all have fun. To you, your colleagues and partners who have gone before you, thank you. We love you, we’ll miss you.       

.  makes a wild claim about Captain Marvel, but it doesn't make any sense based on the actual evidence!    Studios Comics

Episode 54! We talk NFL, , public masturbation, Henry Cavill out as , new look at ,  in Space Jam, weed on  beaches, surviving zombie outbreak and more!  This week's featured podcast is    

Me too. I also have The LEGO Movie 2, Captain Marvel, Avengers 4, Spider Man: Far From Home, Toy Story 4 and Detective Pikachu.

My    reading list. I'll be sampling some    / , and . Some new, some old; some bad, some good; some dark, some funny!

excuse me but melinda may, the fucking cavalry, DESERVES to be in the captain marvel film!!! let it happen marvel, let it happen cowaaarrdsss!! 

these 2 dudes i work with were talking about how excited they are for captain marvel and one of them called her "the superman of marvel" WHOLESOME

if ur having a bad day just stop whatever ur doing and look at brie larson being absolutely fuckin ADORABLE whilst dressed as captain marvel... im dropping my uwus all over the place omg 

Yes love all things Marvel!  That ending of #InfinityWar  Looking forward to #CaptainMarvel in March! As well as Avengers 4!



Can’t wait for all the dudes to analyze the shit out of Captain Marvel and prove it’s a “bad movie” by nitpicking every detail about superhero movies that they’ve let slide for 15 years of male superhero movies

Someone actually recognized me as captain marvel!! A whole family that was dressed as the incredible

'Captain Marvel' LEGO Figure Reveals First Look Skrull Leader - Heroic Hollywood (blog) https://ino.to/OZX-O53

How ‘Captain Marvel’ Co-Writer Nicole Perlman Bucked the Hollywood System to Make Her Directorial Debut by   

Can't wait to see  and  "young" again!  http://cinemabbomba.blogspot.com/2018/11/bombcast-ep-010-captain-marvel-trailer.html?m=1 …

Now with the retconning I don't think they are rehabing her character, or doing her any favors by trying to make her more worthy of the Captain Marvel title. It should've gone back to Monica. There's a character who was charming, beautiful, smart, and powerful.

Logic says since Nick Fury is the only connection to Captain Marvel on the earth that he should be the one to introduce her but I guess we gotta resort to counting lines without thinking about WHY a character has more lines in trailer, a trailer.

BAKIT GANON YUNG ENDING NG ‘ANT-MAN AND THE WASP’??? AAAHHHHHHHH I CAN’T WAIT ANY LONGER PLEASE FAST FORWARD NA SA ‘CAPTAIN MARVEL’ AND ‘INFINITY WAR 2’.

IMPOSSIBLE INCORPORATED CAPTAIN AMERICA ANNUAL USAGI YOJIMBO WEST COAST AVENGERS RIVERS OF LONDON DAMAGE IMMORTAL HULK LIFE OF CAPTAIN MARVEL PEARL SAVAGE DRAGON BATMAN DAMNED Comic Books!  Comic books are good.

We support  no matter what, but Carol's bff  is confirmed to appear in the series so it's double incentive to pick it up! 

me hiding in the bathrooms at marvel studios after someone yells "WHO DELETED ALL THE CAPTAIN MARVEL FOOTAGE?" 

In the details, the fine ones, there's the openness into accepting and saying  isn't . But for the practical purposes, this character is the one who is Captain Marvel, at least, for  (also for ) and what is aiming for to be.

I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/3T42nlM-r3c?a  CAPTAIN MARVEL - MCU END GAME?? - The Reel Cast Podcast

So she's just like Star-Lord now? Is "one of my parents was an alien" the new "radiation gave me powers" now? Marvel Changes Captain Marvel's Origin Story Ahead of Movie  via 

As of today, 198 days until avengers 4 142 days until Captain Marvel  Thank you days-until-avengers-4 (tumblr)

February 2019: Some VERY exciting  stuff that I can't wait for you guys to see (covers by Amanda Conner & );  #8 - Enter Spiral! (cover by ); &  #8 - the start of an all-new arc! (Cover by Eduard Petrovich) 

"Captain Marvel should smile more" is the most blatantly obvious trolling attempt I've ever seen, so naturally it worked.

Life of Captain Marvel is in the running for best retcon in the past decade it made Carol’s powers her own and independent of any man or string of (un)fortune events

Movies to watch out for in 2019:   X-Men: Dark Phoenix  Aladdin Jumanji 2 Hellboy  Captain Marvel  Untitled ‘Avengers’ movie  Spider Man: Far from Home  The Lion King  Rambo  Toy story 4 Hobbs and Shaw  Godzilla: King of Monsters  Shazam  Starwars: Episode IX  The Lego Movie 2

Phil Coulson back in action on the film side of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. We need a new Captain Marvel trailer. 

Still trying to decide on the approach to @captainmarvel in wake of Disney's (T)rollover of @JamesGunn; skip opening weekend?  Skip theater altogether? Problem is I'm not mad at the cast and crew.  What will you do?

The MCU has found a new face of the franchise!  star Brie Larson is locked in for 7 movies in the MCU: 

The Ladies of GoC podcast is here!   In our first episode we talk Captain Marvel, Nappily Ever After, Fantastic Beasts and more. Be sure to listen and let us know what y'all think!   Spotify:    iTunes:  


In the first Captain Marvel trailer, Samuel L. Jackson's character blinks 220 times. Brie Larson's character, i.e. Captain Marvel, blinks 167 times.  Come on, Marvel.

One of my favorite comic covers!   on the first issue of The Power of   “Say the word...feel the power!”

Because of the time period, this wouldn't be appropriate for a post-credit scene for the  movie. However, I think would be perfect as a post-credits scene after Carol helps the Avengers save the world from Thanos. 

Algo de errado, não está certo na imagem abaixo   Something wrong, isn't right. See below lol   v.    

@kellysue really excited for your Aquaman run. I especially loved your quote about how he will be “Zeppelin” and how that contrast with the tone of your Captain Marvel. How do you settle on the right tone for characters with such rich histories?

I'm still new to this whole embroidery thing but I'm super excited for  and  to join the MCU. Also, that trailer brought back all of my memories of my neighborhood Blockbuster



Yeah, over 24 hours later and the  trailer still gives me chills.   Get up and get up again and get up again, then make a fist and punch what knocks you down. I'm here for Carol Danvers all day. 

By the time WONDER WOMAN 1984 would have been released in November 2019, CAPTAIN MARVEL would have been out on Blu Ray for a couple of months.   How would anyone think the two movies were ever going head-to-head? 

Brie Larson has posted a new photo of her as Captain Marvel promoting people to vote tomorrow on November 6th. (Source: )

who else is gonna be bawling when captain marvel and avengers 4 hits theaters, and we see stan lee's last two cameos for the last time ever? #RIPStanLee

I really want Captain Marvel but since she will be in A4 and that is the conclusion to a 10 year story that is the no brainer.

I respect you don't like WB's #Shazam plan. Comparing two Captain Marvel films because of a name hurts the case. One has more MCU good will - one is muscling itself out from a bumpy road. Better they take a more relatable general audience path. Not the same situation here.

Say what you want about the new Captain Marvel trailer, but transitioning from Her to Hero was slick af.

"Brie Larson... I feel like I owe her child support. The acting chops of an Easter Island statue." - Ethan Van Sciver referring to Captain Marvel, 2018. @EthanVanSciver

Beginning a Doctor Who/MCU gc, RT if you want to join. Must stan: •Marvel •Doctor Who •GOTG and cast except D*ve •Black Panther •AMATW •Captain Marvel  •Avengers  •Pretty much anything else in the MCU or Whoniverse

I’m all for Captain Marvel and she’s gonna be badass but if she’s who ends up killing Thanos instead of an OG (Cap, Tony, Thor, etc..) it was basically make the first 10 years of the MCU pointless in my book. 

A Marvel Comics lançou a hq 'Captain Marvel Prelude # 1',a Capitã Marvel não aparece na HQ,nela Nick Fury mostra a Maria Hill o pager pela primeira vez. Ele diz a Hill que quer evitar ao máximo ter que ligar para ela, e que este será seu último recurso. 

Oh, @79SemiFinalist is excellent! She's also writing Jessica Jones, and soon Captain Marvel! As a non-American, I had only a vague idea of who Nancy Drew was, btw. So I'm aware it's a very new take but I had no preconceptions. I hope you love it as much as I do.

If Captain Marvel (Billy Batson) and Phantom stranger got a team up series. would you read it? and if so, what would yo… — OF COURSE! I'd love it! I feel like those two would mesh really well together; Stranger aiding Billy with his ancient w… https://curiouscat.me/talkphantom/post/690362393?1540710722 …

 your illustration for the captain marvel interlude is AWESOME!!! would love to see you doing some X-Men comics in the future

With Jodie Whittaker playing the new Doctor Who and Brie Larson playing the new Captain Marvel....my dream of Willem Dafoe starring in "Larry Poppins" can't be too far away RS

IT ALL COMES DONE TO THIS!!!!  concludes with the  between 's  and 's . WHO WILL BE THE  CHAMPION‽  and why?  the powersets in the thread!

Toddler: Who is that? Me: That’s Captain Marvel (shoutout to ) Toddler: Laurie Berkner’s friend!  It took me a sec to get why she assumed Captain Marvel was ’s friend, but then I remembered the line from Laurie’s “Superhero”: “Captain Marvel and me!” 

Captain Marvel (Comic Book version)  is now live and available for free download at  !  with  VX and Zmorph silver PLA.    Download Link:  

I think Captain Marvel (Billy Batson) would respect all the hardships Eddie endured, and that he turned away from villainy.


The news cycle is moving so fast that the Captain Marvel trailer dropped, with minimal discussion. A shame. I liked it.

Had good trailers on Venom: Spider-Verse, Captain Marvel, Aquaman, First Man IMAX, and Creed II.   Can’t wait for Creed II. The sequel to the best Rocky movie: 

Captain Marvel: The Movie Will Be Set In 1995 - Confirmed   https://lrmonline.com/?p=121752 pic.twitter.com/1u6PsPMDyp

Hey @CedricAlexander was your gear from #205Live tonight inspired by Captain Marvel or Sailor Moon?  I can’t figure out which one...

THE LIFE OF CAPTAIN MARVEL #4 preview by   and co. continues to explain some of the mystery surrounding Carol's mom and her past   

just saw @brielarson's instagram story that said "omg cramps" just as i was also suffering, and realizing that my cycle might be synced up with @captainmarvel almost made me cry. it was quite possibly also the hormones.

Here’s your first peek at the 90s-set —complete with Blockbuster and Brie Larson punching an old lady in the face 

year in activism   -lost track of how many times I saw Black Panther (NOTE: don’t necessarily say “wakanda forever” to every black person you see)  -tweeted to defendThe Last Jedi countless times (haven’t seen the movie but sure it’s good)  -already have ticket for Captain Marvel

Here's everything you need to see from this week’s epic trailers including , , , , and . What are you most excited about? 

On the left is what someone did when Captain Marvel didn’t smile enough. On the right is what someone did when Superman didn’t smile enough. Tell me, which is worse? 

I don’t think a shared universe really works in DC’s case. The Justice Society, for example, stands out more on Earth-2, plus it doesn’t mess up characters like Helena Wayne Huntress and Power Girl. Captain Marvel also works better on Earth-S, Freedom Fighters on Earth-X, etc. 

Can't wait to see the MCU version of ROGUE which likely means the real comic book version, since they can connect her to CAROL DANVERS, who she gets all her rad powers from. But I'm not sure CAPTAIN MARVEL fans are gonna like that happening on screen. 

btw i hope captain marvel is brie larson from room and not from the kong movie. she was stellar in the former and very bad in the latter.

Disney movies for 2019 March: Captain Marvel March: Dumbo April: Penguins April: Avengers 4 May: Aladdin June: Toy Story 4 July: The Lion King August: Artemis Fowl November: Frozen 2 December: Star Wars 9 PLEASE RT SO PEOPLE STOP ASKING ME

Handing out comics and candy dressed like Ms Marvel, making Jersey City and Carol Danvers proud! I wouldn't miss this for the world! . .      


RT THIS IF U STAN CAPTAIN MARVEL - CAROL DANVERS / BRIE LARSON AND I’LL FOLLOW YOU, I NEED MORE MUTUALS OF HER

Yes! @mstohl about what will make a great #CaptainMarvel movie “It’s about taking the character seriously, understanding her total arc, letting her own her story, showing the connection between the little girls and their heroes… 1/2


I'm honestly so excited for captain marvel it's hard to put into words, I wholeheartedly think it's going to be everything  ive ever wanted in a superhero movie and more. @brielarson is going to just own it, born to be Carol Danvers

CAPTAIN MARVEL: BRAVER & MIGHTIER #1 JODY HOUSER (W) • SIMONE BUONFANTINO (A) • Cover by VALERIO SCHITI  32 page One Shot. You can't even let the rebooted series get of it's feet with issue 2 and already a side book is coming out. Nobody will buy this when there are 1$ reprints 

Except she doesn't look badass. Sarah Connor looked badass. Ripley looked badass. Black Widow looked badass. Captain Marvel looks bored and mildly annoyed. 

 heard you would love to be in a Metroid movie and I 100% support that!  Fingers crossed it can happen with you in the suit!  Here’s some art I did of Samus to wish you good luck for Metroid and captain marvel! 


Captain Marvel March 8 2019 Dumbo March 29 2019 Avengers 4 May 3 2019 Aladdin May 24 2019 Toy Story 4 June 21 2019 Spider-Man Far From Home July 5 2019  The Lion King July 21 2019  Frozen 2 November 22 2019 Star... 

2019 is gonna be amazing i’m so ready. i cant wait to see ariana again, see little mix again, get avengers 4, captain marvel & ffh, hey stranger things season 3, it: chapter 2, possibly ag5 and literally so much more :’))


2019'un gelmesi için 5 neden   •Game of thrones  •İnfinity War  •Captain Marvel  •Peaky Blinders  •Black Mirror

Seems like many are excited about the new Captain Marvel trailer as I did. Can’t wait to watch the movie!  

Just saw #venom at the theaters. I liked the movie, it had a 90s vibe to it. But before the movie one of the trailers was the #CaptainMarvel teaser trailer. Gave me the chills to see her on the big screen. I'm so freaking excited!

Brie Larson Heard Complaints That  Needs to Smile More, So She Posted MCU Men With Photoshopped Smiles  

A new Avengers 4 theory posits Nick Fury sees the future in Captain Marvel.  It would explain a lot of weird things in the MCU so far...   

Sooo another year older and less wiser but I have one awesome bag..... one of 3 amazing bags I've had!        

i will be seeing exactly 3 of these and yes they are captain marvel, avengers annihilation, and the lion king 

If ant man and the wasp was released globally, at the same time, around august time and then captain marvel released a significant time before a4 itd give us time to appreciate the movies more and together

New post (Infinity War Concept Art Shows Alternate Design for Captain Marvel Pager) has been published on Movie Tv Series Gaming Trailer News - MoviePlus - 

#FoxNaCCXP announced that #JessicaChastain, #SophieTurner and #SimonKinberg will be there Friday, Dec. 7. The CCXP 2018 will take place December 6-9 in São Paulo, attractions include #BrieLarson and #SebastianStan on 08, and #ZacharyLevi 9th #shazam #DarkPhoenix #CaptainMarvel


The years-long pre-gaming to make CAPTAIN MARVEL the flashpoint for alt-right sadboys to "take down" the MCU is baffling and idiotic.

With only 39M views, the trailer of #captainmarvel has reached the jaw-dropping 1M likes on YouTube, only the fourth trailer ever to attain so and second from a MCU film

remember the day the captain marvel trailer came out and there was so much excitement and drama and everyone was fighting lmaoo... good times

  Private Commission Pencils: Philip Tan Inks: Matt Batt Banning Almost done with CaptainMarvel!Just the background to wrap up                   

I don't know if we ever shared the colored images from the new Captain Marvel #1 coming out in January, but here they are!     (apologies, I'm not sure who is lettering)

 is one of the most anticipated movies of 2019, and there was no shortage of actresses rumored for the role. So who missed out on the blockbuster role? 

@Bosslogic  Swap of maybe Kara Danvers and Captain Marvel  and Flash (doesn’t matter which) and Tom Holland Spider-Man?   #ElseBothworlds

GUYS! like this tweet if you're planning on staying up to read the life of captain marvel when it comes out tonight  

Fair enough, but isn't this counting the chickens a little early? What if Captain Marvel goes down in flames like The Last Jedi (50/50 fan rating, hundreds of millions in lost merch/DVD/ticket sales) ... then she's STILL the leader of the Avengers?  THAT'S the plan? 

avengers 4, spiderman far from home, captain marvel, game of thrones, new netflix series plus reboots of slasher films!!! 2019 is the year!!! 

i asked this dude in my class to pick between superman and captain marvel and he picked captain marvel i officially stan that dude

The hard way ? Yeah, we can do that. Captain Marvel: Deathbright Cosplay  : Eric Manix Photography    

next year for halloween I’m either being captain marvel or I’m being kevin with his world famous chili there is no in between

THAT MOMENT WHEN THE STARS ALIGN AND THE MAGIC HAPPENS. It HAD to be Brie. Just HAD to. WE ARE UBER PROUD.  Thanks       

:  edition goes live in 10 minutes! This week's topics:   retcon   reboot  Scariest games of all time & more!  Join us:  



2019 tem b99, captain marvel, avengers 4, toy story, game of thrones... uma pena os feriado caírem tudo no fds

the best part of Crimes of Grindelwald was that I got to see the trailer for Captain Marvel in a cinema

Tweeting because it's amazing & obviously won't last forever. Thank you for the support everyone - it's largely thanks to you guys that I'm here.  Sabrina  Captain Marvel  Uncanny X-Men  Jessica Jones   Mr. & Mrs. X  West Coast Avengers  Nancy Drew

All I want for the #Avengers4 teaser trailer is the logo popping up, revealing the name, and a 360 shot mirroring The Avengers with our current heroes post-snap plus Captain Marvel. That’s all I need. #nerddreams

I SWEAR TO GOD, I’m sick of guys who are mad that Brie Larson isn’t all smiles in Captain Marvel. SHES TRYING TO SAVE THE WORLD, she’s FOCUSED AND BADASS. This is worse than when some dude bro tells me to smile more.

Can't wait until Captain Marvel is about to premire becuase we'll have so much content of Brie Larson from the press tour, the gays stay winning

Brie Larson Responded Perfectly to Jerks Who Said Captain Marvel Should Smile More. She reposting posters of the MCU’s male heroes on Instagram, "with their faces edited into smiles that look horrible because of course they would." 

Particularly proud of so many of 's new comics today... Return of Wolverine #1! Life of Captain Marvel #3! Soldier Supreme #1! Amazing Spider-Man Annual! Avengers #8! Captain America Annual! Edge of Spider-Geddon #3! Hulk #6! Thor #5! Venom #6! WCA #2! Multiple Man #4!

   It's an almost new drawing style for me and new design language. So it's slightly awkward...started with Crowquills,but switched to Microns.    Family

If you could create an entirely new super-team, what would you call it and what superheroes would you choose to join that team? Me: Super Legion. Superheroes; Mera. Former Captain Marvel, Shazam. Firestorm. Vixen. Blue Beetle Jaime Reyes.

#CaptainMarvel is set to make her debut for Marvel Day at Sea on @DisneyCruise in 2019! Learn more:http://bit.ly/2COm3EO

I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/jicxkL3kfLc?a  Will Captain Marvel Have Black Panther Or Ant-Man 2 Box Office Results?

Oh yasssss! today has been a darn good day! Cannot wait to use mi brushes & give this prelude a good read 

I made my debut on ! So happy to be talking about the  trailer, MCU characters getting their own TV series on the streaming service, and more. Thanks  and  for having me on the show today.

i love captain marvel with all my heart but ONLY NEBULA is allowed to kill thanos give her the justice she rightfully deserves 

Binary..you know that time Ms Marvel got powered by a white hole and went on cosmic adventures... 9x12 freehand pen and ink    _daily       friday  2018

RIP Stan Lee, 95. Hope your Avengers 4 and Captain Marvel cameos are a happy fairwell! Going to miss his Marvel cameos and the man himself. 


im so ready for captain marvel to come out and for brie larson to completely and utterly destroy my ass 

Another episode of the lifestyle show you never wanted is out already. OZChris Eats The Universe Episode 3: Captain Marvel Toast. And later today, the next episode of Whatchu Toku About? Reviews comes out. Full of worries, fruit Jesus, and dark sides.  

"Just say the magic word and a new Shazam! series appears!"  Oh, DC... just WHAT do you think long-time Captain Marvel fans have been trying to do FOR 19 years!?  And when you finally listen to us, you give most of us long-timers what we DON'T want, which is more New 52 Shazam. 

Pick of the Week #656!  Cover! Thor! Nightwing! Archie 1941! Strangers in Paradise XXV! Shuri! Black Hammer: Age of Doom! The Life of Captain Marvel! Lucifer! Dreadnought: Legends!  Special guest !   

You’ve seen the BADASS  trailer. Now you must know how she became the HER-o she is! Pick up The Life of Captain Marvel #3 OUT TODAY!  Carol’s DEFINITE ORIGIN STORY by ! Issues 1/2 were sold out, you’ll not want to miss #3! Art by  



Avengers 4: ‘Captain Marvel is VERY different type of origin story’ says Marvel boss https://www.express.co.uk/entertainment/films/1038494/Avengers-4-Captain-Marvel-origin-story-Brie-Larson-Kevin-Feige … #Avengers4 #captainmarvel

i cant breathe between the whole captain marvel TRAILER being released and all of this far from ho,e content it’s TOO MUCH TO HANDLE IM NOT STROMG ENOUGHR

The history of Captain Marvel is almost impossible to tell and her importance is difficult to describe, so thank goodness for this thorough effort by  to explain why you should be excited.

The problem with Larson in the Captain Marvel trailer is not about her not smiling, is about her having the same face expression even in action scenes. And she has an Oscar.

In Flash #107, Captain Marvel tells Flash (Wally West) that he knows a trick that would allow them to see in total darkness; Flash just has to be fast enough to find the bad guy for a split second.  Where might Captain Marvel have learned this trick, hm?  Marvel Family #7. 

Can you imagine how life would have been without these?   AVENGERS Spider-Man Wolverine Iron Man Thor Fantastic Four Hulk Black Panther Captain Marvel  Ant-Man Goblin Daredevil Doctor Doom Nick Fury Inhumans Magneto   Thank you Stan Lee for everything

Anyone have any idea how to make the captain marvel patch without ruining my one good pair of pants? 

More SJE Nonsense as SJE "Double down" & attack Captain Marvel Trailer LOL!  These nut job's are a joke  Link https://youtu.be/bOrYzia2oOo

She only have Room and it barely had 100 millions  Kong was a succesful sequel so it doesn't count  Captain Marvel is popular bc it's a marvel film. Until now she needs to carry her own film and be successful and awarded at the same time


Giving my twim of the week to Life of  by  what a revelation and I don’t even think we know the half of it. this series has really been great with only 2 issues left really excited to see where were going, but I’m so ready to find out. 

ICYMI: See the first official trailer and poster for Marvel Studios' @CaptainMarvel: http://bit.ly/2MISINC  #CaptainMarvel

THEY PLAYED THE CAPTAIN MARVEL TRAILER AND IT LOOKED SO GOOD IT WAS SO HIGH QUALITY ON THE BIG SCREEN LETS GO LESBIANS

Marvel has stolen Supergirl's cat and put their version of Streaky in their big Captain Marvel movie and everyone LOVES it.  There's a lesson in that for DC Comics and Warner Bros. about embracing their strengths that I'm sure they will ignore.

oh my gosh imagine the amount of little girls who are gonna be captain marvel for halloween next year

“WHAT IS THE SECRET HIDDEN IN HER MEMORY? WHO THE HELL IS SHE? WHEN THE TRUTH BECOMES CLEAR, EVERYTHING COVERS.” #CaptainMarvel

Just read "The Life of Captain Marvel #4" and all I can say is...wow. The feels in this issue were the best I've had in years. Thanks once again @mstohl! You've found new ways to make Carol Danvers a true marvel.

Me: *mentions Samuel L. Jackson being de-aged in Captain Marvel*  Person: "Oh that's right, he plays Luke Cage."  Me: 


You know what's funny? If you said "RottenTomatoes critics are out of touch" people would've agreed with you.  This however...this does not do your Captain Marvel movie any favors. With anyone. At all. 

Great piece. I’ve told my kids that the best time to see the title to Avengers 4 is at the end of the credits of Captain Marvel. “Captain Marvel will return in Avengers...” Any early trailer can just remind us of Thanos finger snap.

People* are complaining that  doesn’t smile enough in the  trailer. I guess even superheroes have to deal with this bullshit.  *men

 A5: In comics, Starlin's Death of Captain Marvel is still moving and powerful... mainly because Marvel never brought him back. I also love Jean Grey's death in Dark Phoenix Saga, though they cheapened it later.  Oh, and Spock's death in Wrath of Khan. Epic.

|In the new Captain Marvel series they gave Carol a new origin but the new origin makes no sense with what we know of Mar-Vell and the Kree as a species in general.|

Did you know that in 2019 there is a Marvel or DC superhero movie once a month from March through August, beginning with Captain Marvel and ending with The New Mutants? (And it's possible some months there could be more than one, if I missed one).


Using the World's Mightiest Mortal as an example since he's had both:  Pointless: Injustice Shazam! killed by Injustice Superman.  Meaningful: Captain Marvel in Kingdom Come where he sacrificed his life because he understood there was no distinction between humans and metahumans. 

What did I tell you?! Marvel Man has changed his name to Quasar! Yes, Marvel Man was a dumb name in the first place (plus we already have Captain Marvel and Ms. Marvel), but I’m not sure they needed to explain why he changed it.  

My defense of the  movie, the trailer, and the concern between the seriousness and the apparent lack of personality in the movie.  Anyone wanna comment with their thoughts?     


Mystery man:  is still keeping Jude Law's role in CAPTAIN MARVEL a secret, and even the actor is staying mum: "I can't tell you who I am."   

Check out Funko Pop! Stan Lee Gold NYCC Exclusive #3 Signed Autographed Excelsior w/ COA  ⁦         ⁠ ⁠     

@brielarson Hi Brie I'm a huge fan and i loved your performances in Room and Kong: Skull Island and i can't wait to see you play Captain Marvel next year and i think you're a very lovely and great actress.

   It’s tough some days reconciling the two sides to myself: Carol Danvers and Captain Marvel. For a long time, longer than I care to admit, I wasn’t Carol Danvers. It’s hard to explain, but it’s like in my mind Captain Marvel and Carol Danvers couldn’t co-exist 

Pourquoi Nick Fury n'a pas appelé Captain Marvel plus tôt ? https://www.rtl.fr/culture/super/avengers-infinity-war-pourquoi-nick-fury-n-a-pas-appele-captain-marvel-plus-tot-7795584538 …


After spending all day in only one page (this was not an easy one), made this quick Super-Skrull just for fun!        comics

In 2003, Captain Marvel (Carol Danvers) appeared in Avengers #66 with Black Panther http://marvelexplorer.github.io

Justice League Action casting John Astin to play Uncle Dudley opposite Sean Astin’s Captain Marvel is like the cutest thing ever

Well I guess I gotta go see Venom in theaters just so I can see Captain Marvel's trailer on the big screen

I would agree if the time gap between Captain Marvel and A4 was bigger. It's less than 2 months (assuming A4 gets moved to late April as we suspect will happen). Disney won't allow a 2 month hype window for a possible 2B film. Teaser trailer will hit before Captain Marvel debuts.

in Captain Marvel they’re setting up the skrulls in the mcu and what if in A4 cap dies but in the postcredit scene we see him revealed to be a skrull which can lead into another movie where they go and save the real Steve. This gives cap and cevans a few years break from the mcu


Is Brandon Routh the only actor to play 3 different Dc characters over three different media Superman from the movies, Atom from tv and now Captain Marvel/Shazam in the new Dc Lego game

why are people still so upset about brie's acting in the captain marvel trailer? will y'all ever hold the chrises to the same standard because last time i checked they weren't known for their award worthy performances

Don’t worry folks ...!!!!  Thanos did this ...  I AM SURE CAPTAIN MARVEL WILL SAVE EVERYONE....         Studios

It’s amazing what you can find in a two minute trailer if you set aside your white male privilege...     Trailer   

I keep forgetting that Marvel has pinned the future of the Avengers on Captain Marvel and when I do remember it makes me sad. 

Just got this AMAZING  costume in from  !  Link in the comments!  @ Winter Park, Florida https://www.instagram.com/p/BqYbnsZDbPb/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=1e3bes63w8dz0 …

I avoid trailers and promo material for most movies, especially ones I know I’m gonna see. Going into a new film blind, with no expectations, is just more fun.  Somehow I dreamed I watched a few action-packed seconds of the Captain Marvel trailer. Woke up mad at my imagination.

I think I’m more excited for post #Avengers4 MCU than the movie itself. A new Avengers team led by Captain Marvel, with Black Panther, Ant-Man, Wasp, Wanda, Doctor Strange, and Spider-Man (if they can keep their deal with Sony)

HOLY MARVEL!  Be very very welcome, !!!  OMG! I'm freaking out!!!!     https://www.instagram.com/p/Bp-S-BJlXCy/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=8oavfi2el77y …

This is neat because 1. It's all in good fun and 2. even Levi knows in his hear that the character's name is Captain Marvel! Even if he's gotta be "Shazam" now. 


1. Agent Phil Coulson 2. Agent Melinda May 3. Captain Marvel 4. Agent Elena "YoYo" Rodriguez 5. Spider-Man 6. Daisy Johnson 7. Black Panther 


...... and now a PSA from Jackson Bostwick (Captain Marvel from the 1974 ‘Shazam’ television series) from Fort Myers      

This month the Avengers 4 trailer drops! You already know how I feel about it lol     comics cinematicuniverse    studios


CAPTAIN MARVEL #2 KELLY THOMPSON (W) • CARMEN CARNERO (A) Cover by Amanda Conner & Paul Mounts  The solicitation text. I mean the story...hmm. To paraphrase somebody - Subtle AF  

I’m thinking the same thing I cannot believe how close it is to . Just a little less than 120 days. 

No.  NBC got that more or less right, Captain Marvel is pretty much the most powerful living being in the Marvel universe.  There were some more powerful than her, like the Beyonder, but they've been "retired."

If you’re shocked that Captain Marvel punches an old lady in the face in the new trailer, don’t worry - the movie will make it clear it’s because she said, “Cheer up, it might never happen!” 

You've watched the  trailer, but have you watched nine Carol Danvers punch nine old ladies in the face at once? 

please marvel let the post credit scene of captain marvel be two skrulls shapeshifting into clint and wendy

articles about how captain marvel will fail as if... name one marvel movie that has financially failed

To all the people saying “nay! There must be only a single !”... Conics were making fun of this for a looong while, folks. This one from Uncanny  153:

Here's the thing: Scott Pilgrim's soundtrack is still so dang good. I can't stop thinking about this dumb movie after rewatching it recently. Or the fact that it starred both Captain Marvel and Captain America as baddies!!   2010 was a wild time.

#MCU Schedule as of 10-17-2018  Captain Marvel: 141 days * Avengers 4: 197 days * Spider-Man Far From Home: 260 days  * I fully expect this date to be moved up a week!  Proposed name for Avengers 4- Avengers: Never Say Never Again.

First Brie Larson got cast as Captain Marvel. Now Mary Elizabeth Winstead. All my Scott Pilgrim boo are becoming superheros  

See... I am starting to do this now. I only watched AMATW 1x. I plan to do this with Captain Marvel and A4 too, etc. Eventually the MCU will fall apart unless something drastic takes place (cough #RehireJamesGunn cough) but it could take years before that happens.

I started thinking that Vision is in a male adult android’s body but he is still a baby. - - Follow for more  Notifications On. - - #Thor #Marvel #Avengers #GOTG #CaptainAmerica #IronMan #Hulk #BlackWidow #Hawkeye #CaptainMarvel #BlackPanther #Okoye #WarMachine #AntMan


It's so great to see such a well-deserved positive reaction to  #4 today for  The series is amazing and we love it! We hope you all tuned in to the podcast yesterday to hear Margaret talk about all things  

Marvel Studios drops the Captain Marvel trailer in the morning when everyone is awake and can see it.  Fox drops the Dark Phoenix trailer in the middle of the night when everyone is sleeping. 

me running out of marvel studios with the destroyed captain marvel footage when i see kevin feige and brie larson coming down the hall 

"Disparu ce lundi à l'âge de 95 ans, le légendaire Stan Lee avait eu le temps de filmer son caméo pour le long métrage Avengers 4, en salles le 24 avril prochain. L'information avait été confirmée par le...http://www.allocine.fr/article/fichearticle_gen_carticle=18676895.html …

2019:  - Captain Marvel - Avengers 4 - Game of Thrones S8 - Toy Story 4 - Star Wars IX - John Wick 3 - Agents of SHIELD S6 - The Punisher S2 - Jessica Jones S3 - Atlanta S3 - Brooklyn Nine-Nine S6 - Shazam! - Watchmen - The Mandalorian(?) - Disney+ streaming launches  I’m ready

Are we just going to ignore: Avengers 4 It chapter 2 Captain Marvel Zombieland 2 Star Wars 9 and Hellboy 


"If we make Indian content, we have to put Shah Rukh Khan. He has to be in it," Stephen Wacker -- Vice President of Creative Development at Marvel #Avengers4 #AvengersInfinityWar #CaptainMarvel  A Dream For Which Billions of Indians are waiting @iamsrk shud be in the MCU.

I feel offended that marvel is just gonna deny us kristen ritters jessica jones and brie larsons captain marvel friendship in the movies like their comic book counterparts have 


This dude literally BLASTING the Captain Marvel trailer of his phone right now on the train; headphones be damned I guess #MartaChronicles


Brie Larson really gave us the greatest bop in Scott Pilgrim vs the world and now she’s going to be Captain Marvel 

I would also like to see Captain Marvel interact with Surtr in Muspelheim, Fenrir, and Jörmungandr.  All three of those beings are supposed to play major roles during Ragnarök.

Oh look, its that blurry Andy Park Captain Marvel art we saw over a year ago, but its not blurry anymore. AND its prime thumbnail material!  

@GabrielNerdLand gostaria de pedir sua opinião. Será que a @Marvel divulgará o trailer de Vingadores 4 só ano que vem pra não tirar o foco da #CaptainMarvel? Se lançar vai derrubar a internet.

THEY CAME!! I have Captain Marvel shoes now  they’re sold out in the US but not HERE of all places... 

Just rented Ant-Man and the Wasp and watched it for the first time. I thought it was a decent enough film.  Now give me Captain Marvel and give her to me hard.

game of thrones, infinity war part two, spiderman far from home, captain marvel NEXT YEAR GON BE HYPE

How ‘Captain Marvel’ Co-Writer Nicole Perlman Bucked the Hollywood System to Make Her Directorial Debut   via    

I hope Stan Lee got to see a copy of Infinity War part 2 and Captain Marvel before he passed because if he didn’t I’d be really bummed

(Whiz Comics #67, Sept-Oct 1945; written by Otto Binder, pencils by C. C. Beck, inks by Pete Costanza)        

Shazam and Captain Marvel are two separate characters. Both are great. You can love both and not be a jerk about one or the other. 

Ep 114 Dave & Jay catch up on life.  in 5min(ish) for  & . All new  w/ wife  for .  reviews & movie drunk scene. Plus our   Remakes    

विषय @VasundharaBJP को नकारने या स्वीकारने का नहीं है, विषय तो #कांग्रेस_मुक्त_भारत करने का है और उसके लिए राजस्थान तैयार है। आप भी कहाँ डूबती नांव में सवारी कर रही हैं, आइये @BJP4India में और आज अजमेर में @narendramodi जी की सभा से शुरुआत कर सकती हैं। #ModiFor2019



#CaptainMarvel is considered one of the most powerful heroes in the Marvel universe, and fans are hoping the film will answer some lingering questions from 'Avengers: Infinity War' http://bit.ly/2xml2QR

Another problem is that Iron Man took four years and two and 2/3rds of a movie to grow into the leadership role, so he earned it and we saw that he was ready.  Captain Marvel is just being handed the role some time in the middle of her second movie. it's not the same thing.

8. Captain Marvel (DC)  I love his concept, he’s a kid who tries to be good and that eventually pays off, but his innocence sometimes on the fights, or his enthusiasm and his passion for being a great symbol inspired me

These Films are in my Top 5 Anticipated films of 2019  1. It: Chapter Two 2. Avengers 4 3. Godzilla: King Of The Monsters 4. Captain Marvel 5. Hellboy (2019)  What are your guys Top 5 anticipated movies for 2019?     

1 MILLION LIKES ON A SOLO MCU FILM?! SHE BROKE THE INTERNET. IM SO PROUD @brielarson  #CaptainMarvel

new movies || CAPTAIN MARVEL PRELUDE #1 Shows Us What Nick Fury and Maria Hill Were Up to Before Becoming Dust 

I know I’m very behind in my movie watching, but I just finished Infinity War and I’m rather dissatisfied. Not even sad, more like “what did I just watch?”  Save this franchise, Captain Marvel!

avengers 4, spiderman: far from home, captain marvel, kingsman 3,,,,,can’t wait for my life to end in 2019

Captain Marvel survives running through a 5th Dimensional firestorm in JSA #36.  This is one of Captain Marvel's best durability feats. 

Lucky EPISODE 7 of  led by  is here! This week we are talking  trailer, Joaquin Phoenix’s  the 90s horror gem  and ALOT more! Come check it out! Like/Subscribe     

Meet Captain Marvel, the scrappy, persistent heroine we need. http://bit.ly/2xyBpcv  // @LaineyGossip

Purr-fect hero duo: 's cat  Chewie (as seen in the new movie poster) has a very bizarre history in  comics!  Read more in my  article here:     cc  Studios  

Scarlett Johansson appeared as Black Widow in 6 movies for MCU. People wanted to see her get a solo film since forever. Yet, Captain Marvel gets a movie out of nowhere. So that general audience can know who's that lady in Avengers 4. But yeah Feige has a big plan. Fuck you.

i simply love how issue 4 of the life of captain marvel just added a whole new layer to carol's origin story without actually changing her past and her identity and with respect to the legacy of her mantle, it's such a great storytelling, thank you @mstohl

84.. the same amount of years captain marvel has been a better heroine than you.. stupid bitch.. if you dont get your ass out of here.. 

Annette Bening on : “I can’t give anything away but it is as much fun as you’d imagined it could be. I can’t tell you why because then I’ll give something away. It’s like when you’re a little kid and imagine how it’d be to be in a super hero movie. That was it.” 

I own it, enjoyed it and would pay for a sequel. On the other hand you would have to pay me to read trash like X-Men Red, Squirrel Girl, Captain Marvel etc.


2.Captain Marvel Rumors [1]  -Captain Marvel's arc is about shifting her allegiance from favoring the Kree to rebonding with mankind. -Ronan and Mar-Vell turn on Captain Marvel as they differ on humans. Mar-vell dies and Ronan turns to Thanos.

Selain Captain Marvel, Apakah Ada Superhero Baru di Avengers 4? #SerbaSerbihttp://bobo.grid.id/read/08963549/selain-captain-marvel-apakah-ada-superhero-baru-di-avengers-4 …

I still believe this.  I strongly believe the Mind Stone will play a significant role in Captain Marvel. 

if there isn’t any jessica drew easter eggs (or cameos..... please) in captain marvel then what is the point

Not the creator of the superheroes, Stan Lee was the boss of the superheroes, being one himself. I look forward to see you with a particular feeling in the coming ,  and . Good thing in that very sad news   

Which word or title is more iconic: Captain Marvel or Shazam? I find myself leaning towards Shazam. Not as a name, but just the words themselves. (I'm sure @CaptMarvelTalk has covered this in the past as well but I may have missed it)

Smh  looks better then . That's not a good sign. Captain Marvel better be good especially because its tying into Avengers 4. I have hope but  trailer looks better.  might release a better Marvel movie then  for once

I mentioned I was sorry to see  leave X-Men: Red, but couldn’t be happier about her next gig.  Well, here it is!  Carmen’s joining with the awesome  and  for a new  series! ’s next gig 

If you want a laugh, read Next wave Agents of H.A.T.E. It's about a group of superheroes lead by Captain Marvel who have gone "piratey" and fight a giant lizard monster in purple underpants.

Lots of back and forth between folks trying to out scoop each other I guess.  Jeremy has been right on with the ,  trailer, and I’m guessing the  title too. Keep on keepin’ on ! 

I'm already suspicious of Davis... He survived Aida and we're soon about to learn about shapeshifting Aliens in Captain Marvel

What are you talking about there was no Captain Marvel before Carol.... heck Superman didn't exist either.... just don't mention Monica Rambeux

Like they said we'll get avengers 4 news after the captain marvel trailer... its been like forever and i heard avengers news is happening in december. And watch it just be a picture that gives us nothing

I think you need to be in the movie! Captain Marvel. Captain Marvel Junior. Mary Marvel. Socko Marvel?

MY GOD! Mother and daughter!  and her mother, Captain Mari-ell, in “The Life of ” #4 Variant by Kaare Andrews OUT NEXT WEEK!!   YOU CANT MISS THIS ISSUE CORPS! 

New This Week!! UNCANNY X-MEN #1, BITTER ROOT #1, BLACK ORDER #1, BLOODSHOT RISING SPIRIT #1, FIREFLY #1,ELECTRIC WARRIORS #1, GOD OF WAR #1, INFINITY WARS INFINITY WARPS #1, LIFE IS STRANGE #1, MARVELS CAPTAIN MARVEL PRELUDE #1,…  

 Captain Marvel: matchday two:   picks out six candidates for the armband – and double points – in this week's matches.

Day 61 of my 100 Days of Halloween drawing challenge: Hulk dressed in a Ben Cooper Spider-Man costume! Via the cover of Marvel Superhero Adventures: Captain Marvel-Halloween Spooktacular #1 by Jacob Chabot  

Dude when Marvel did that back in 2015(?) it was the coolest fucking thing ever, I still have my  Captain Marvel #1 variant somewhere. Rat Queens also did a VC last year with ’s amazing Violet—cosplay variants are a huge honor, I hope I get there someday!

Alright universe. I’m purposely going to see this shitty Venom movie on. This shitty day so I can see the Captain Marvel trailer in IMAX. Please don’t fail me.

Various  photos of my  build. I’m so very proud of this creation so far! I can’t want to wear it to a lot of cons in 2019.    Using  and  super structure foam in my builds!  

 great work on the new  Prelude! it was great seeing a new  story following what Nick Fury and Maria Hill were doing behind-the-scenes. 

It’s an honor being in the company of these great men.   alan.silvestri_music ・・・ MCU 10 Year Anniversary      https://www.instagram.com/p/BphZg2jABQ9/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=172eybd3i508r …

‘Captain Marvel’ additional photography now underway - https://gamerpunk.net/captain-marvel-additional-photography-now-underway/ …

It's the #SemiFinals of #ComicChaos2! Who will move on to claim the #ComicChaos Championship‽ It's #Marvel's #CaptainMarvel vs #IDW'S #Donatello #WhoWouldWin and why? Check the thread for character #powersets! #SHPOLL18


When is Captain Marvel released in the UK? Movie release date, cast, trailer, plot, theories and more - Radio Times 

I'm just not sure how i feel about Avengers 4 having what people are now saying will be a 5 year time jump. Was that how long Fury's beeper message took to reach Captain Marvel? Talk about shit reception. Someone should change providers.

if you r e a l l y think marvel is gonna make it so captain marvel shows up and instantly kill thanos, you’re an idiot. i said what i said, you’re an idiot.

Was these an issue date for this? From what I saw, "Captain Marvel's" first appearance in Whiz Comics #2, cover-dated February 1940, was December 1939.

At least she would have a helmet on the entire time. It would be an improvement over Captain Marvel right there. 


Captain Marvel, now with inKREEdible colors by ! Print available at  2018, table D32! Get yours!          artistalley  

saw this comment under the captain marvel trailer,, cant wait for carol to shut these people up because shes the strongest mcu character and thats that! 

//I know the naming rights have changed but whenever I think of Captain Marvel I think of this person, and Shazam is the name of the wizard that gave him his powers 

Re-doing this ‘cause I want mutuals  RT if you stan: -MCU -Friends -Mamma Mia -Shane & squad -Tom H x2 -ST -OUAT -HP -Seb Stan -Peggy -Captain Marvel -Loki -Bucky -Spiderman -Iron Man -Zendaya -Thorbruce -Taika Waititi -Jeff Goldblum -Scott Lang -Ariana Grande  I follow back


They say Not all superheroes wear capes, Neither my mother or captain marvel wears one. I just want you to know this mama, I’m gonna be big and I’m gonna make you proud

me when i eventually have to take the train to watch captain marvel while dressed as captain marvel: i sure hope there aren't any old ladies here today

En los cómics es la madre de Mónica Rambeau, una de las Captain Marvel, que un tiempo estuvo con los vengadores.

Batman  Captain Marvel  The Fantastic Four The Flash (Barry Allen FROM THE COMICS) Grayson as both Robin and Nightwing The New X-Men (Dave Cockrum) Havok The Legion of Superheroes  The Vision The Invaders

YES CAPTAIN MARVEL PUNCHED AN OLD LADY BC IT’S A SKRULL NOT AN ACTUAL OLD LADY DAMN YALL ANNOYING ME AF

CAPTAIN MARVEL Official Trailer 2019 Brie Larson Marvel Movie: http://youtu.be/cLeyst6LvNI?a  a través de @YouTube

I’m tired of people quoting this saying they won’t see Captain marvel because of Loki’s death... it’s funny that non of you are planning to skip a4 


TRAILER VIEWS 2019 (actualizado)  1  45,8M 2  27,2M 3  26,5M 4  24,5M 5  21,8M 6  21,0M 7  20,0M 8  18,7M 9  15,4M 10  13,0M 

Portada variante de Adam Hughes para Captain Marvel #1 y página de la que será la artista regular de la serie, Carmen Carnero, con la historia de Carol Danvers!   -Dan Defensor.-  #CaptainMarvel #AdamHughes #CarmenCarnero #MarvelComics

I heavily doubt that. This appeals to a large audience internationally sure, but infinity war appeals to the same audience + everyone else. And, its already been hyped by the first one, and captain marvel (soon) whereas detective pika has no background. 

One more down in our  to ! This week, it’s the 1st  movie! Which was, fine. Now I kinda wish we hadn’t started with . It was the 1st MCU movie that really fired me up. ANYway, just 15 more movies/weeks to go!!

. can't help following me. First their titles ... straight through the 'regeneration' of Captain Marvel. But ... which one of us is more successful? ... all right then. I'll crawl back into my tiny police box. 

I'm not saying Carol Danvers will be good or bad. I'm saying I've seen the Captain Marvel TRAILER. that's it.   Will CM make $500M? $1B? $1.5B? Will the character resonate? Sell merchandise? Will the sequel be profitable? We know NOTHING yet. With Iron Man, we had these answers. 

Other than Captain Marvel and Avengers 4, I am excited to witness Sebastian Stan as White Wolf in MCU

Here’s the opening to the 1970s #Shazam TV show! #CaptainMarvel (Opening Theme) https://youtu.be/TgXeXTuKGhM  via @YouTube

media: maybe we'll see Pepper as Rescue in IW2! my brain: IW2 is just gonna be Captain Marvel calling in all the girlfriends™ like "the bois fucked up real big this time now let's get to business" then they beat Thanos ass in 2mins

THE LIFE OF CAPTAIN MARVEL is an essential Carol story and I'm so proud to have been part of it. Margie, Carlos, Erica and Marguerite are making big changes to Carol's mythos. Two issues left! And #3 just got a 2nd print--don't miss this one!! 

Captain Marvel scared of a TSA agent asking for her number, Thanos Gon put her through a phone booth and she'll tweet "Twitter do your thing"

Oh, I see...when Captain Marvel goes crashing through a Blockbuster, it's an "iconic moment," but when I do it, it's a "sir, we already told you that can only rent one copy of YOU'VE GOT MAIL at a time" incident.

[captain marvel in avengers four]  carol: is nick fury here?   tony: he's dead  carol: and maria hill?   steve: dead dead   carol: what about coulson?   thor: super dead

Had the Avengers failed against Ulton, there was no time for “ok let me call Captain Marvel”. The city was already in the air and all it needed to do was hit the ground.

Hope to see u again in  &   Rest In Peace , King of Creators , Saviour of Childhood , Respect  sir   

This is real, was deleted. Just wow, talk about narcissism.  She looks so devastated while shamelessly promoting her clothing line Another good reason to not see the Captain Marvel movie. 

A reminder of the kind of cool visuals Ben Davis, who is the the DP on Captain Marvel, is capable of. 

everyone is excited for captain marvel but i’m still mourning amatw for its lack of hype and appreciation

Dark Phoenix really snatched Captain Marvel’s wig with that teaser. MCU fans are so angry saying that it looks like X3 just because they can’t admit that it was cute. Just wait for the official trailer with more action and in Jean transforming in SPACE

Im really hoping & wishing that Ming will be in #CaptainMarvel tho..  i want #Philinda to be together

Captain Marvel, Jean Grey, Storm, Scarlet Witch are not secondary characters. Black Widow, Elektra as well  Jean Grey, Scarlet Witch are omega level mutant, Carol Danvers harnesses the power of suns, making her one of the strongest meta-humans. Far from secondary characters.

Carol Danvers aka  - half human, half Kree BY BIRTH as just retconned in the  comics ahead of  movie. Called it! 

A special Captain Marvel story in the Superman & Batman Magazine from some years ago:  (Credits included on the first page.)  + 

me: talks about marvel and being excited about the captain marvel movie a dudebro who thinks he knows more than me: oh yeah whose playing captain marvel then i bet you don't even know that captain marvel is a girl

I would want my child to want to be as honestly kind Captain America. To wish to be as clever as Iron Man and as wise as Professor X. To see themself in Mockingbird and Agent Carter. To rise up when Captain Marvel stands; to stride boldly forward naming themselves Valkyrie.

She doesn't deserve to be Captain Marvel, she doesn't deserve to be in Stan Lee's movies. She could post a picture of Stan Lee and write some nice words, but instead she posted a picture of herself drinking something and wrote the most simple words. at least say sorry

Marvel's  podcast hosts  and  share their favorite covers from the week, including "The Life of " 3, "Edge of Spider-Geddon" #3, and more! Watch:  

2019 movies finna go crazy.  1. Avengers 4,  2. Spiderman far from home 3. MIB Reboot 4, Toy story 4  5. Captain Marvel  6. Spies in disguise 7. Shazam  8. Dark Phoenix 9. Lego movie 2 (first one was lit, you can smd)  10. Joker  11. Detective Pikachu 12. Alita: battle angel

Another awesome Captain Marvel sezzynielsen i met at  Brisbane.  Awesome day now can't wait till Goldcoast supanova next year.   My suit by  … https://www.instagram.com/p/Bo5OVtJgIMw/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=12xznp3jxq9u5 …

251 We talk about the trailer! Also     &  Some new   rumors! Loki and Scarlet Witch series coming to ?Listen here   OR   

Brie Larson has JUST A FEW trophies at home.  YOU GO #CaptainMarvel  Academy Awards BAFTA Awards Critic's Choice Movie Awards Golden Globe Awards Screen Actors Guild Awards

me: hey guys i like the marvel cinematic universe character wanda maximoff  stan twitter:  stan twitter:  stan twitter: you ugly fucking bitch???? you racist whore i hate you you stan a nazi you racist piece of shit stan captain marvel fuck you die slut kill yourself

I don’t think my students have noticed exactly how geeky my bag for classroom materials is this semester.  

We’re gonna see those stan lee cameos in captain marvel an avengers 4 next year and be devastated all over again.

So... What did everyone think of  Captain Marvel trailer today...?!  Art from the cover of my MARVELous Art 3 book, with colors by  

I NEED MARVEL MUTUALS  • Tom Hiddleston/Loki • Chris Evans/Steve Rogers/Captain America • Brie Larson/Captain Marvel • Elizabeth Olsen/Scarlet Witch • Tom Holland/Peter Parker/Spiderman • Tony Stark • Thor • Natasha Romanoff • Groot • Nebula  RT AND FOLLOW FOR A FB

"Captain Marvel" Goes Too Far With The '90s Nostalgia  - CONAN on TBS https://youtu.be/90gqRSF4Ggc  via @YouTube

whatever your reason to trash the x-men trailer is, stop it. this is so fucking annoying. when people came and talked shit about the captain marvel trailer, y'all went mad. now you wanna be ugly just like them,,, hypocrites smh

Captain Marvel movie starring an NPC? Many actors have always been threat blank slate delivering others words and approximations of feelings - this seems like an advancement in actor-NPC technology. 

I was bored in math so I made a list of reasons I hate carol danvers - most powerful character in the mcu?? uh wendy says hi - never smiles - was in the airforce - she’s a cracker - brie larson can’t act - stole bucky’s brainwash story - might be captain marvel but steve’s better

I'm more of a Carol Danvers fan than a Captain Marvel fan, but we'll see how the movie turns out. #CaptainMarvel #HeresHoping

Nick Fury is the one who calls Captain Marvel at the end of Infinity War. It’s very obvious why the trailer was done the way it was.  Brie Larson has said 33 words, but Melissa McEwan should say 0. 

i cant belive some idiots out there are making yt vids like "will captain marvel be first marvel FLOP?" like hell it won't bc it's still marvel and ppl will go see it

Tbh I don’t think the movies need a Cap or Iron man. Have Black Panther and Captain Marvel take up the leadership roles.  But if their series was about who takes up the mantle that would honestly be cool too... with inspiration from the brubaker run. Have Lukin be the villain. 

Talking about my  tattoo! Yesterday I was working at my gym (iam a fitness instructor) and a guy came to me - “La !” (Spanish) and did  I was like

hi I'm looking for marvel mutuals so rt and follow if you stan  -natasha romanoff -steve rogers -tony stark -bucky barnes -loki  -captain marvel -matt murdock  -literally the mcu / marvel


This has been a good week.  Captain Marvel, Avatar, that Russo Brothers pic, and now this.  You can rest easy, 2018.  You did well. 

Here's my  from tonight's all-star  on my Youtube channel!  Every Tuesday, 7-9PM Make sure you sub so you never miss a show! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uE0lNjInNEI … @ArtThibert @mbreitweiser @JonMalin @Cap_White @jerkmonger @GaryShipmanArtpic.twitter.com/DBaxtMI96J

I also got to see @stardustcaroI ‘s Captain Marvel nails in person and let me tell you guys they truly are a work of art. Just looking at her nails made me even more excited for the movie. I’m not kidding.


Imma keep it real  Venom, probs gonna be shit Aquaman will be good, really good Dark Phoenix I don’t even think it exists  Captain Marvel will be fantastic, so will Shazam. Avengers 4 will be better than Infinity War. SM will be amazing. New Mutants will surprise people 

Mutants being introduced in CAPTAIN MARVEL 2 could be worthwhile.. put them in space like they should be off-the-bat.


All we've heard so far is that she's supposed to have a "bigger role" and that Captain Marvel and her may be teaming up in some capacity.

So there are just too many good movies to look forward to:  Avengers 4 Captain Marvel  Creed II Glass Bohemian Rhapsody  Dark Phoenix   Did I miss anything!?!

Happy Sketch Saturday! This week a 9x12 Captain Marvel! Everyone else was doing it! $250. US shipping only. Payment is due within 48 hours. E-mail brettbooth at gmail dot com. 

These folks are TRULY IRRITATED at the fact Brie Larson didn’t smile...sorry “show emotions” in the  trailer.   All they did was post pics of Mysterio from the new Spidey flick. Stay pressed. 

2020  Doctor Strange 2  (Possibly) Black Panther 2  Fantastic Four  2021  Captain Marvel 2  Black Widow  X-Men  2022  Wolverine  Spider-Man 3  Doctor Strange 3  2023  Ant-Man 3  Captain Marvel 3  X-Men 2  2024  Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3  Wolverine 2  Eternals  Dark Avengers

She's here to kick ass, take names, and mostly not remember an entire life that she had on Earth. Here is our breakdown of the  trailer, including an explanation for punching this old lady:   


I think I'm going to reach out to City of Hope and ask if they might want me to visit kids as Captain Marvel. I'm really excited to potentially do it! I hope they allow that kind of thing.

Next year's CAPTAIN MARVEL movie will be based on the recent  comics run, which protrayed the hero as a space commander-type with an Air Force background!   

Carol Danvers through the years! Age 6- London Fuller  Young Carol- McKenna Grace  Adult Carol- Brie Larson  

I Just Want My Boy back from Titan!! Nebula better be taking Very Good Care of Him!!  or  need to get on that Rescue Quite Promptly in   CANNOT WAIT!! 

In the second half last night Pogba was magnificent as Box-to-Box, so good in defence the geniuses think he was a CB, he was also involved in our goals and central to our attacking play. Not unlike Captain Marvel in his heydays. #MUFC

Carol Danvers  aka Captain Marvel in my style  .  Are you excited?! I'm excited!!  .  .     fanart     https://www.instagram.com/p/BoFr0VyFcLD/?utm_source=ig_share_sheet&igshid=tfdup66n2qpf …pic.twitter.com/e9GtCJoVgn

 So here's Wren, on their way to a combination Halloween & Birthday party. Carol seems to have ended up with her own flerken "cat" with the outdoor photo shoot! (the role of Chewie is played by Lentil)  


Spider-Man X-23 Sentry Captain Marvel (Carol Danvers) Superman   @BVMAGJy @InsurgencyNQ @mstark4050 @GeekWithThat @Sp1derV3n0m

there’s officially a year till nycc 2019 and this is going to be a year long journey to turn myself into the Best Captain Marvel Cosplayer... already saving up for the suit/wig/etc. so just. STAY TUNED!

What if Captain Marvel is just a fantasy playing out in Brie Larson’s head while she’s stuck in Room

Brie Larson was told Captain Marvel should “smile more,” so she posted photoshopped pics of male superheroes smiling  

Lets be honest... If Avengers 4 has Captain Marvel beat Thanos by being super OP, it would suck. They need to have the final defeat played by someone old, not someone new.

Next week sees the release of the new Firefly comic, the return of Uncanny X-Men, the prequel to the Captain Marvel film, William Gibson's Alien 3 and the video game tie-in comics for Life Is Strange and God Of War! Not too late to pre-order! 

Avengers doing War of the Vampires, and wait, is this just Curse of the Mutants but with the Avengers? Is Captain America going to tell Dracula to follow his heart?  This Captain Marvel variant is really nice. 

I want Thor to beat his ass the next movie for what he did to his people and after Captain Marvel or whoever can have their way with him

That #CaptainMarvel trailer got over 100 million views in 24Hrs but y'all say I'm bugging because I said it's going to make a billi... Yeah ok.

We have a hope  She is arriving The new and powerful CAPTAIN  is coming And i wishing Meany more happy returns of the day    mam You are live long with happiness and success    wn

#RIPStanLee I've heard he pretaped some cameos for Captain Marvel, Avengers 4 and Next Spider-Man movie, hopefully even more


The  trailer has officially passed 40 million views and 1 million likes on YouTube. Good luck with this up and coming  hit, ⁦⁩. THERE IS HYPE 4 IT  ⁦⁩ ⁦⁩ ⁦⁩ ⁦⁩

i need mutuals so rt if you stan  - The weeknd - lana del rey - mcu - tove lo - thor - scarlet witch/wanda - drake - adele - lorde - doctor strange - captain marvel - miley cyrus - katy perry - zayn malik - sia - avengers

Iron Man origin: exciting, funny and engaging Captain America: respectful of WWII roots Spider-man: not necessary, we know it already Ant-man: who knew it would be so much fun? Captain Marvel: I dropped from the sky, and now I have amnesia like that episode of Gilligan's Island



Phase 4 of The  is just going to be Kevin Feige rebooting  and  on the big screen while  and  break box office records.

Club News    We are pleased to announce that  will be taking over the Captaincy for the remainder of the 2018/19 Season.    

The FINAL ADVENTURER in  Season 2 is.....!!  !!  He’s acted in ,  and the upcoming ... but can he take what the  throws at him in  and Flagons?!   Better be subscribed to !


Mail day, best day. The hat is a midtown comics exclusive and I am really happy to finally get a Captain Marvel hat. Also the Batman foil not only looks amazing but feels great too. 

Nicole Perlman, the screenwriter of Captain Marvel, tells us about her dream project, Challenger.   

Some of today’s reading, much of which were recent convention purchases. Some Defenders, more Section Zero, Captain Marvel, and Tuskegee Heirs. 

IT'S SITH LIST SUNDAY..so that means a new episode of TSL is hot off the presses!  We got your "WEEK in GEEK" covered:           on 

Captain Marvel is the MCU's most powerful hero... but is Brie Larson's promise of her throwing planets too much?  Not if you consider her Binary powers!   

These Marvel shills been letting that sexism and racism jump all the way out since Black Panther film / Captain marvel trailer. 

Absolutely, there’s room for all “Good” movies. How amazing will Kristen Wiig be as Cheetah? I also look forward to Brie Larson’s portrayal as Captain Marvel. 

I really appreciate all the love I got today after people found out I deactivated my Captain Marvel Talk! account.  It really means a lot! 

I’m selling this captain marvel hoodie. i’ve tried it once but never actually wore it so it’s new basically.  SIZE: 2XL (but it fits smaller) PRICE: 35£ (i paid it 40£ so i guess it’s fair) SHIPPING: WORLDWIDE (the price varies from country to country)  dm me if interested  

FOTF Focus:  Will the Trailer for  Spoil the Plot of ? - by    Will the events of the new  trailer reveal the outcome of ’s Captain Marvel?  

Captain Marvel is the most powerful character in the MCU.  Would she be able to resist the effect of Thanos' snap?   

Today is the birthday of Don Newton (November 12, 1934-August 19, 1984), who was lost too soon at the age of 49. Known for drawing the best run of Captain Marvel in the Bronze Age, he also worked on a variety of heroes, including Batman, the Phantom, Aquaman, & others. 

I’m excited for Captain Marvel but I’m afraid that Brie Larson ends up phoning it in i hope I’m wrong 

AHHHH MY CAPTAIN MARVEL WALLET IS HERE!! Just waiting to get paid on Tuesday to buy the matching purse and I’ll be REAPING CM!! CAN MARCH COME ANY SOONER 

my brother hates on captain marvel because she’s going to be “the new leader of the avengers” (idk if that’s true) and he thinks it should be peter parker instead but like?? no??

Thrilled with the reception the Captain Marvel news is getting, but I wanted to clarify that @MightyBrunstad is the sole editor of the book, she put this team together — I’m just looking over her shoulder geeking out at all the cool @79SemiFinalist scripts & @CarmenCarnero art!

After 100 episodes of , what more is left to say? A LOT, apparently. We're talking 's big reveal, the  trailer, and  on this jam packed ep. Thanks for listening! RT's appreciated!     

Second-to-last issue! This is the story you need to read before the movie. Get to know  for real. With flashback sequences from  in her Marvel debut!

I love the idea of a #CaptainMarvel movie. I don’t love the idea of “identity branding,” that divides the sexes.

hi, i'm looking for mutuals :) rt/like this tweet if you stan:  - captain marvel - steve rogers - Brie Larson  - Chris Evan's  - thor  - okoye  - scarlet witch  - Tom hiddleston  - Loki  - valkyrie   please follow back


After the trailer for  came out, internet trolls told  to smile more. She didn't see the  dudes being told to smile, so she photoshopped grins for them. - 

"Did I say that? I said I came to get you TO Heaven. I didn't say anything about our actual location, did I? Did you even read "The Death of Captain Marvel? That's not going to be enough."  Stan looked down at himself. Not enough? Then he looked at the legions around them.

You’re the most devoted Captain Marvel fan I’ve ever seen on twitter, I think you going to meet Brie Larson would be amazing since you know everything there is to know about Carol Danvers and you’re very passionate about the CM movie and represent the Carol Corps!!

The more I see of , the more excited I get!  knows how to do space adventures very well. ,  Ragnakok... my all-time favorites! I hope we get Sam Alexander (Nova) in the mix sometime too. The Nova comics are such great fun.

Hey  ... anything you can do to help the biggest  fan and  fan I Know in  ! He’s the leader of the  and it would so awesome for him to meet Brie.  anything you can do to help?

I think Marvel might’ve made its first mistake in the MCU release schedule by waiting to drop CAPTAIN MARVEL before Avengers 4. They should’ve put it out before INFINITY WAR because, at least for me, the hype for A4 is overshadowing CAPTAIN MARVEL.

Coming Saturday to    Captain Marvel () undergoes ,   and  all while under the spell of the evil Dr. Mesmer!  Join today and don't miss this one! 

So...captain marvel finished filming this year and the trailer came out a few months later. ffh finished filming last month and a trailer could be coming in December. chaos walking wrapped LAST FUCKING YEAR and still no sign of a trailer...what's up.. 

SOON!! Bringing Captain Marvel Prelude Comic on my Youtube Channel. Please show your SUPPORT!!!! Next video Coming Today - Detective Pikachu Trailer Breakdown.

The announcement of the upcoming ‘Captain Marvel’ prelude leaves us a little hopeful, but mostly confused. 

same here!! also with the new Avengers and Captain Marvel movies. the teasers are just fine. i dont need behind the scenes or trailers showing 70% of the movie ; - ;

Hello, fellow kids, do you remember the '90s? Flannel? Riot grrrls? The long-awaited first trailer for the long-awaited Captain Marvel movie is finally here, and it's full—nearly too full—with Clinton-era references and sight gags. https://wired.trib.al/1KNRLTw

as a big marvel fans, i'm super sad to hear that stan lee is gone :( will be miss seeing him as a cameo. probably avengers 4, captain marvel and far from home will be the last films he cameo.


Pretty sure Black Widow is 2020 and Captain Marvel 2 is 2022. Don’t expect Marvel Studios to fast track anything; they have a plan.

That reminds me, I read somewhere that He-Man was based on good ol’ Captain Marvel with the whole “shouting something to transform into a superpowered version of yourself” bit. 

1990's Nick Fury and a couple of other Captain Marvel figures are up for pre-order at reasonable prices on Amazon now: https://amzn.to/2Nw17cz


So first Captain Marvel, and now the latest incarnation of The Doctor - finally, characters I love and I can cosplay as them! :D

What do you do when you have a bad day at work?   Personally, I wear my (brand new) favorite  t-shirt and impulse buy a whole bunch of stuff I know I don't really need. 

Some designs of alternative versions of Rogue and Captain Marvel I did for the Infinity Countdown: Captain Marvel one-shot 

Disney are gunna make all the money next year...   Avengers 4  Star Wars IX  Spider-Man far from home  captain marvel  Toy Story 4  Dumbo  Aladdin  The Lion King  Frozen 2

I've been working on a combo with Captain Marvel.  If anyone has any ideas on how to improve it, I'd appreciate the critiques.  The start of the combo feels pretty good to me but I feel like the ending could be stronger. @ anyone that might have an idea 

This weeks show is here! We are talking  ,  ,   and way more than we could possibly hashtag.     on 



2019 is gonna be such a cool year?? i can already feel it? captain marvel, a4 (even tho it’ll probably break my heart) far from home.. UGH.

I thought that captain marvel landed on an earth with no collective memories of her life, only bits n pieces of what she remembered. Idk what she’d be smiling about in that situation. Lol.

“WHEN ITS FUNNY, it’s FUNNY, but also when there’s deep emotional things happening,it’s real. So I was able to bring some of those same things that I’ve brought to full dramatic roles into , which I’m really proud of. I think it will really set this film apart” Brie 

I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/f08OxvBg6fI?a  Captain Marvel Trailer - New Avengers Prequel Origin Story Explained



She’s officially awake.     and she’s starting the day with a selfie.     self-promotion, people. Get your Captain Marvel T-Shirts now. 

Teaser photo from today’s Captain Marvel shoot. Yes, we had one shot with a lightsaber for good measure! 

Aktuelle Hype-Tabelle:  Bumblebee  Detective Pikachu  Godzilla: King of Monsters  Captain Marvel  Avengers 2



An absolutely perfect Captain Marvel by my good friend,  and talented artist  . Well done sir!      

Chris Evans announced his retirement from Captain America's post after avengers 4. I am in tears now.          4 

Don’t worry, DC’s Aquaman movie is gonna beat marvels Captain Marvel movie hands down, save this tweet & say i told you so

   I finished after the trailer for the  came out was a fan of the all new captain marvel series    Studios    

The  trailer has been out for a few days now. Let's discuss her awesome costumes (And the appearance of her mohawk helmet!)  

What Stan Lee died? I've read too many Marvel comics to know dead, really means the end. I'm sure Captain Marvel will bring Stan Lee back together with half the other population that was turned to dust.    

I can't believe how far we have come. I am so excited for  being in  - his long awaited return to the MCU Movies is just    

hello i'm a new mcu account so it would be nice to have some mutuals :)  rt if you stan: - bucky barnes - deadpool - steve rogers - loki - shuri - dr strange  - star lord - iron man - rocket - eddie brock/venom - nebula - captain marvel  (please no th*rki or st*rker)

 do you know if there is any merit to the  trailer coming out in two weeks given that in the Captain Marvel prelude,  it teased the  prelude for an December 5 release given  's history releasing comics to coincide with trailer releases?


Feeling my inner  today in the  department today!  Also sporting my favorite   every day!  Can't wait to see the talented  bring  to life on the big screen so everyone can see how  she is!

such a specific reference but in captain marvel: generations, mar-vell (who didn’t recognize carol) kept calling her car-ell and carol was so pissed abt it. fuck i wish he was alive just to be like “i fucking TOLD U that’s how u pronounce ur name”

the hype around captain marvel is dying so imma post a pic of brie larson and captain marvel everyday til the movie release


wAIT A FUCKIN MINUTE  IN AVENGERS 4 WILL BE CAPTAIN MARVEL AND ALSO BUCKY BARNES. THAT MEANS WE GOTTA SEE BRIE AND SEB TOGETHER AT THE SAME TIME ON SCREEN,,,

Imagine Black Widow, Scarlett Witch, Captain Marvel and the Dora Milaje in one film. I’m gonna loose it when I see the next avengers! 

On our 52nd outing (A WEEK LATE...blame Tim)...it's just Tim and Asa.   We are coving everything from     … https://www.instagram.com/p/BoNXX6dhZ0n/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=ja5c8i8opuex …

if marvel introduces kamala khan in the post-credit scenes of captain marvel i will scream i don’t care if non desi folks look at me like i’m crazy

The first  trailer got 109 million views in its first 24 hours!  See how it compares to other MCU films   

There’s a girl in my class who’s been wearing the same shirt with captain marvel logo on it ever since the trailer came out. Not sure if I’m finding it cute or kinda gross

I don’t dislike Captain Marvel, but I’m not gonna lie, this makes me roll my eyes so hard I can see my brain.  Car-Ell? Seriously? This is the laziest shit I’ve seen in a long time. Might as well just say she’s from Hypton and is here to protect Cityopolis  

He was one of those Heroes without capes!!!!... Rest on my !!.... I blame you !!!!!.... You shouldn't have snapped!!!   

Strength, energy and a believer in truth and justice!  Dave Brat! It is time to give 's newest superhero the ability to represent!  Get out and  for Abigail Spanberger!        



How many times are you going to hand off Captain Marvel to some weak ass writer and rewrite the series again??  We don’t want it. 

Outta the 4 MCU characters returning as younger incarnations of themselves in #CaptainMarvel, which 1RU most excited 2C return? I pick Ronan.

Idk if he manage to record a cameo for captain marvel, a4 and far from home but if he do it'll be the lasts from him

Brie Larsen as Captain Marvel looks terrible, she has Soccer Mom Bitch Face the whole time. When I look at promo video/photos I am like “is this a CW show?”  I want to see it because of the connected universe and interesting story, but so far idk about this casting.

and i also saw the captain marvel trailer on the big screen for the first time so that was an experience lemme just tell you that

SOYBOYS vs THE MARY SUE: CRYING OVER THE IMPENDING FAILURE OF CAPTAIN MARVEL! Let the SJWs fight! https://youtu.be/ka4smGC4stI

Animated TV Show: combines child like fun with well thought out story lines and plenty of  captain marvel villains to use. 

here are a couple of the  EW exclusives showcasing Captain Marvel, a young Nuck Fury, Ronan and the Skrulls 

Continue Podcast Episode 33: THE HAIR! THE HAIR IS UNSTOPPABLE! It's a whole thing.   , , and  get into Captain Marvel and haunting fashion trends, Nintendo Online, and Spider-man. 

全米2019年3/8公開『Captain Marvel』の邦題が『キャプテン・マーベル』として2019年3/15より全国公開決定です。出演はブリー・ラーソン、ジュード・ロウ、サミュエル・L・ジャクソン、マッケナ・グレイス、リー・ペイス、ジャイモン・フンスー、ジェンマ・チャン等

Captain Marvel had the highest weekly total trailer views on YouTube with 35.14M views.  Mary Poppins Returns was second for the week with 7.65M views.  Full Weekly YouTube Trailer Views Chart:   

MARVEL fans are seeing this major connection between CAPTAIN MARVEL & AGENTS OF SHIELD - but is it real?  

Inktober 2018 day 14 Captain Marvel. i m not happy with this one :(    ing tober2018 tober universe comics  s artist art  artist art      ist


Di$ney 2019:  Captain Marvel Avengers 4 Aladdin remake Toy Story 4 CGI Lion King remake Star Wars Land @ DL & DHS Disney+ Frozen 2 Star Wars Episode IX

Beta Ray Greg Presents : #Marvel Studios #CaptainMarvel Prelude #1 - via @BetaRayGreghttps://wp.me/p9KVEm-53L

Avengers 4 would be messed up if they truly make Captain Marvel the most powerful avenger in MCU because of 'agenda'.

I am more excited for Dark Phoenix than Captain Marvel. Hit me if you want but I'm judging based on what I saw and heard. I think Simon Kienberg is going all out with this one and it's going to be fantastic. It's definitely more interesting than wood face.

people are taking what zachary said seriously with those two fans dressed as shazam and captain marvel ???

Yeah, no.  Captain Marvel will not have much of a chance due to the james gun firing, and dumbo isn't going to make anyone go to the movies for it. So Us and Wonder Park have a good chance of success.

Ronan is going to be in Captain Marvel since it takes place in the 90s. And you gotta figure we get Adam Warlock in Guardians 3, as soon as they hire Waititi  (however you spell the guys name that did Thor Ragnarok) to replace James potential pedophile Gunn.

Carol time as Ms.Marvel she was sassy and very fierce , and I know she always been one for her country. But her as Captain Marvel she takes it to the extreme such as during the whole civil war. I like Carol Danvers as Ms.Marvel!

RSP is excited to announce we are working on Marvel's upcoming movie: Captain Marvel! check out the very cool trailer! Higher. Further. Faster!      

18 .. I SAID 18 MILLION VIEWS IN ONE DAY. ONE SINGLE DAY! @brielarson #CaptainMarvel #BreakTheInternet https://youtu.be/Z1BCujX3pw8


Check out our EXCLUSIVE preview of THE LIFE OF CAPTAIN MARVEL #4, on sale Wednesday, October 17th, from !      

Life Of Captain Marvel writer, @mstohl being effusive about @brielarson’s casting. “I think she is someone whom Carol would like to play her. She definitely holds herself to a high personal bar and she makes her own decisions. She has a strong sense of right and wrong.”

Lee Pace and Karen Gillan arriving on stage for their panel at  Midwest, Oct 13, 2018. Photos by  via .            

Marvel Studios has remained remarkably tight-lipped about what constitutes its upcoming slate beyond  and : So, what does the Marvel Cinematic Universe look like going forward? 

Apparently... Captain Marvel's one weakness is...the male gaze.  so weakened by being asked out, she could barely walk for a week. Needed months of physical therapy.

me still screaming and texting all my friends about carol 12 hrs since the captain marvel trailer released: 

I love Scott Pilgrim but now it has both Captain America and Captain Marvel. Michael Cera needs to be a superhero.

I can’t stop watching the Captain Marvel Trailer. So excited to see this movie! And even more excited to see her in Avengers 4 next May! Also can’t get enough of that god awesome music!

[Because ‘ (Education-Entertainment)‘ is Important for Progress] ‘ ‘Captain Marvel’ flies into theaters on March 8, 2019. Avengers 4 arrives a few months later on May 3, 2019.’  | Inverse 

We took the first while you were busy filming. Figured it's appropriate here. I've added some older pictures to remind you that you've seen her before, that this little girl has been growing up immersed with Captain Marvel--you--as her role model. So thankful.  

Fun fact! Yours truly  (yes myself ) was once drawn in a  comic book  courtesy of  and ! Yea iam canon!

ME on twitter, pretending IDC: It's a waste being mad at superhero movies. I'm done, Marvel won't bait me again  ME existing, trying to calm down from mild anxiety: By setting Captain Marvel in the 90s they're saying Carol should be Stark's age and that's even MORE annoying

#MCU Schedule as of 11-18-2018  Captain Marvel: 109 days * Avengers 4: 165 days * Spider-Man Far From Home: 228 days  * I fully expect this date to be moved up a week!  Proposed name for Avengers 4- Avengers: Day Of The Dusted.

Bonus tweet: Found the best version I can share (for now) of the Captain Marvel #1 colored pages. Enjoy the amazing colors by !

If the next avengers movie is a semi faithful adaptation of Annihilation (the event that solidified my love of comics)and Richard Rider and Captain Marvel rip thanos in two I'll loose my mind!! Also I'd love to see Annihilus on the screen. 

More specifically Captain Marvel's pussy! — I agree! shes a whole meal https://curiouscat.me/steponmepeggy/post/710584991?t=1542592496 …

Captain Billy's Whiz Bang allowed Fawcett to create a publishing empire, launching over 50 magazine titles including True Confessions and Mechanix Illustrated. Fawcett Comics was launched in 1940, introducing Captain Marvel and Captain Video to the world. 

My act of service for today is to share with the world this gif I made of Captain Marvel punching an elderly lady* in the face.  *obviously a Skrull, people - do you even comic books?  cc  @DiversityAndCmx    

18th September has been a blessing: -  - Captain Marvel - Bert and Ernie are confirmed canon - Misha kissing butterflies - Shirtless Misha talking about his childhood - Misha spilling the tea with his Bert and Ernie tweet - Cas is bed   Coincidence??? 


Here's how our  "Sweded" trailer is coming along. I really only make secondary timelines when I need to transition from one clip to another. 

Imagine thinking critics are in any way fair when they're currently heaping praise on Captain Marvel for the exact same reasons they celebrated Zack Snyder going through one of the hardest things a human being can go through.

Me: screams at Ford ads for years because their motto is “Drive Further.”  Me: Screams at Captain Marvel ads because the motto is “Higher Further Faster.”  : Get over it.  Me: *points* I hate people.   (Pic is a Ford car with the license plate GO 4THR)

11-12-18  116 days until Captain Marvel 172 days until Avengers 4 236 days until Spider-Man Far From Home

Less than four months until , my next most-anticipated movie. (Coincidentally also co-stars Jude Law.) 

Looking at the whole idea about there being another big threat in Avengers 4, I'm willing to theorise the possibility of the beginnings of the Skrull Invasion... You know, since Captain Marvel will be dealing with the introduction of the Skrulls and more space stuff.

It was really slick how Marvel replaced the black Captain Marvel with a blonde white one and still got the blerds to eat it up. 

We've finally got a trailer for Captain Marvel, and  has the answers to your questions!  Does Carol Danvers abuse old ladies?  Do we have any hints to how Fury lost his eye?  And how powerful is Captain Marvel compared to the rest of the Avengers?   

Looks like I’ll have some extra candy after all. Sad I didn’t see any #CaptainMarvel costumes. To all, #HappyHallloween and good night!

I can’t believe they went full infinity war and now captain marvel has to come help wynonna and Nedley save everyone 


Can’t we get a trailer after Captain Marvel? I’d like to be in the dark with these upcoming movies. I don’t think it will hurt the sales of the movie. Also 

It is confirmed that after Life of  ends   and  will be taking over the reigns of Captain Marvel! Can’t wait for this book! 

Might Captain Marvel be the silver lining?  http://culture.affinitymagazine.us/captain-america-chris-evans-is-hanging-up-his-shield/ …

Thank God the game is over... I was gonna have to find Thanos to end it or page Captain Marvel, somethin'.   Have fun on the freeways back home, Dodger fans that stayed!  #WorldSeries #Dodgers #RedSox #WorldSeries2018

 looks absolutely fire!  Can’t wait to see  take over the MCU big screen!       Comics  CinematicUniverse

-Ralph Breaks The Internet -Mary Poppins Returns -Captain Marvel -Avengers 4 -Toy Story 4 -Spider-Man: Far From Home -The Lion King 2019 -Frozen 2 -Star Wars Episode 9 

Liked on YouTube: Avengers 4 Captain Marvel Prequel Teaser and New Plot Synopsis Breakdown https://youtu.be/t0HP7jomtd4

dear people who wanna die:  please dont.  this 2019 is gonna be crazy!  -Dumbo -Alladin -The lion king -Captain Marvel -Avengers 4 -Pokemon

Pretty ridiculous what an uneven spread of VFX Oscar contenders we have between years. 2018 is empty. 2019 has Alita, Ad Astra, Avengers 4, Mowgli, Chaos Walking, Captain Marvel, Dumbo, Aladdin, Shazam, Hellboy, Missing Link, Detective Pikachu, Godzilla 2, Dark Phoenix, (1/2)

We're back! Episode 10 with ,  and me. We talk Kavanaugh, (bc of course) Captain Marvel and the November elections. Give us a listen and rate us on iTunes. Share and subscribe also please. Thank you. https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/everything-but-nothing/id1406893962?mt=2#episodeGuid=tag%3Asoundcloud%2C2010%3Atracks%2F504519486 …

I was not trying to imply that people hate Monica Rambeau. (Hence the "as Captain Marvel" part.)  My pointis that some dislike or hate the fact she was CM.   I've seen people dislike it and I've seen people rage and hate it.  But I have never seen anyone just hate Monica. 

PODCAST: Pop A La Carte #57 – Captain Disney   All things Disney, from Ralph Breaks The Internet to  to , are tackled in this Minnie Mouse-approved podcast. 

Hey, , can you stop trying to make Captain Marvel a thing?  Give it a rest for a couple of years.  Let people wash the bad taste out of their mouths. 

It’s been one week since school started and I’m already SWAMPED but in other news I’ll be streaming on Twitch later tonight!! Go follow me over there        cosplay  


You probably thought that first pic of Captain Marvel was done, but here she is all finished.  It’s probably my favorite commission from NYCC. 

Captain Marvel has had a script since 2012, The Eternals has been in the eye of Feige since like 2014 and Black Widow Movie was gonna be made in 2010 but the Marvel Committee said no lol 


I saw the #CaptainMarvel trailer on a GIANT screen today and I definitely for sure for real cried so whatever it’s all fine and I’m definitely okay.

YES  I am a REAL MARVEL FAN, Captain Marvel DIDNT PUNCH  an OLD LADY it was a SKRULL, SUCK IT casuals! I know things ugh these filthy non fans UGH THE MCU IS COOL (what is a comic) 

Just went to see Venom & Halloween movies back to back, and there she was in all her glory!  teaser poster: 

Who else is hyped af for Brie Larson to headline a #marvel movie? I love her  #CaptainMarvel #CaptainMarvelTrailer

ปู่สแตน ลีถ่าย Cameo ไว้ 3 เรื่องนี่ใช่ Captain Marvel , Avengers 4, Far From Home ปะเนี่ย ถ้าเป็น Far From Home นี่อย่างเศร้าอะ


i feel like i’m gonna cry when i see stan lee in captain marvel and avengers 4.. yea maybe i’m a weak ass bitch

“Captain Marvel is okay but I remember getting my ass kicked something awful in the last Avengers turf war so I’m gonna have to hold onto that grudge a little longer man.”


Twitter Trend 2018-09-19 07:00:01 1. #จากกันด้วยดี 2. #Lullaby 3. #SS7EncoreinBKK 4. #CaptainMarvel 5. #บาปรัก

Just met a Japanese girl! She translated the official  poster!   ”Lost Past Memories Trapped Powers Gained   Is this me?   The story before the Avengers.” 

“I am so gay #captainmarvel.” https://www.pinknews.co.uk/2018/09/18/brie-larson-captain-marvel-trailer-gay-twitter/?utm_source=Twitter&utm_medium=Buffer&utm_campaign=PN …

BTW  &  broke The Eternals, Black Widow news, and Captain Marvel trailer release date.. so I believe what he’s putting out there    Annihilation

MCU: Captain Marvel - March 8, 2019 Avengers 4 - May 3, 2019 Spider-Man: Homecoming 2 - July 5, 2019 Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 - 2020 (No Exact Date As Of Right Now)  TBD: Black Panther 2 Black Widow Movie Doctor Strange 2 Logan Spinoff  Ms. Marvel   

Day 28. CAPTAIN MARVEL (Carol Danvers). AND HERE SHE IS!  Last one from the MCU! I love her look, love her costume and her powers. I mean, have you all seen the trailer?     2018

You can only watch one of these films, which one do you choose to watch? #SHPOLL18 #Marvel #CaptainMarvel  Or #XMenDarkPhoenix

ฉันชอบวิดีโอ @YouTube http://youtu.be/e6TRITFjGZQ?a  CAPTAIN MARVEL Trailer NEW International (2019) Superhero Movie

Decided to keep pushing the detail and highlight on this Captain Marvel image never a huge Carol Danvers fan but I’m trying          

Funnily enough, the VERY first time I met Captain Marvel in Adventures of Superman #442, my first thought was that he was basically He-Man meets Superman. 

Just like captain marvel, my mum is super strong, her durability level is Godlike, she’s smart . The person I am becoming is all thanks to her guidance. My love for my real life superhero knows no bounds. , I love you 

Page alerts all around town are going off this morning, 'cause  is on her way to Disney California Adventure Park! Don't miss your chance to meet her beginning early 2019.  


 SF/Fantasy/Horror Headlines From The Interwebs Oct 2! New Google Project Stream videogame service, how will Captain Marvel win in Avengers 4? Venom early reactions, new Hellboy art, more!        

Ok all this Captain Marvel hype is great and all but WHERE IS THE DIRECTOR FOR GOTG3  WE’VE BEEN WAITING FOR OUR QUALITY CONTENT

I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://youtu.be/4wnWoShFgh8?a  WHY Captain Marvel is set in the 90s and the MCU Importance

Omg so much fun!  is absolutely thrilled to share his car with our very own   herself! On their way to film Just Mercy!

Look at my beautiful girl! I just can’t get over how utterly stunning this piece is. Everyone go give  all your money. (Thanks again, Lee, I adore her; always a pleasure!)   

rt and I'll follow you if you stan - captain marvel - Valkyrie  - Thor:Ragnarok - guardians of the galaxy - infinity war - anything marvel - Hayley kiyoko - kehlani - halsey - dc comics,  more specifically their TV shows!  - for LGBT content and follow me if you want to! 

This has been a crazy week for Carol! I'm joined by  &  on the newest episode of the Captain Marvel Podcast! We discuss the trailer and The Life of Captain Marvel 1-3. 

For our 71st birthday, Gen. Leavitt attended a special screening of  with AFDW Airmen. Both Gen. Leavitt and Capt. Carol Danvers exemplify the barrier-breaking spirit found in every generation of  Airmen 

I may have gotten only a few hours of sleep and have a shit ton of stuff to do today but seeing Clark Gregg on the Captain Marvel set is like the best thing that's happened so far today. 

Mentally preparing myself for the emotional mess I’ll become once the credits start rolling and Stan Lee’s "In Memoriam" homage appears at the end of Captain Marvel and or Avengers 4  


The Wisdom of Solomon gives Captain Marvel the ability to speak all language, including animals and those from alien worlds.   


I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://youtu.be/crj8vtjbo4Y?a  Captain Marvel Teaser - Iron Man Scene Easter Egg Breakdown

The controversy surrounding @brielarson ‘s absent smile in the Captain Marvel trailer would probably make a lot less sense if we weren’t living in a world where Bert and Earnie’s felt-based sexuality was a top trended topic.  #humansareidiots


I was never a fan or watched anything with her, but I saw the trailer for the movie and actually thought it looked cute and interesting, but nah, I’ll keep my dollars just to see Captain Marvel over and over again in the spring.

News has it that captain marvel has lost her powers... As mama klaus enter the place.. She became a marvel for all to see.. My life saver... My first love... Who watched me grow when sleeping on my cradle bed.. I love u mummy  

What are we going to be angry about today? Options,  Nigerian Air Police arraigning Adeleke/ Adeosun went scot free Wizkid Nass on lockdown while Saraki is on campaign trail Linda Ikeji having a baby while celibate Captain Marvel not getting enough lines in her own trailer?

unlike that Captain Marvel trailer, Dark Phoenix trailer had plenty of emotions throughout (and IS emotionally engaging), you can feel for the characters. Captain Marvel, the lead and the future face of the MCU gave us nothing to feel for. 

Its time for Marvel Vs Capcom : Infinity   Captain Marvel in it. So does Dormammu, Doctor Strange and Thanos 

At least captain marvel isn’t played by a proud soldier of a fascist ethnostate. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ DC could never. 

Teaser/Trailer Fastest 1M Likes in YT :   - 4hr45Min.  - 21hrs.  - 3Days.  - 7Days.  - 12Days.  - 23 Days.   

For the first time ever, guests can encounter Captain Marvel as part of an action-packed, day-long celebration aboard select Disney Magic sailings with @DisneyCruise Line!https://bit.ly/2JpmfLZ

hello i'm a new seb stan acc & i need more mutuals so if you like -sebastian stan -captain america -bucky barnes -chris evans -tom hardy -stucky -captain marvel -anything marvel related i'll follow you back

“You screwed up, Avengers. That’s human. What is also human is the ability to learn form those mistakes." Cosplayer:   Cosplay: Captain Marvel Photographer: Nick Sullivan  Make Up:       

BREAKING THE INTERNET!  TRAILER IS NOW ON 11TH PLACE OF MOST VIEWED TRAILER IN LESS THAN 48 HOURS!!  WOW 

Dude no offense but if they show it in captain marvel rather than avengers 4 I’m going to disappointed.

 you can best guarantee the day that the captain marvel poster comes out it will be right on that wall 

CBM’s I’m excited for:  Into the Spider-Verse (Everything else below is not in order)  Aquaman Avengers 4 Far from Home Captain Marvel Joker WW84 Glass (does that count as one) Shazam Hellboy Spawn

#MCU Schedule as of 10-11-2018  Captain Marvel: 147 days * Avengers 4: 203 days * Spider-Man Far From Home: 266 days  *I fully expect this date to be moved up a week!  Proposed name for Avengers 4- Avengers: Congrats To Scarlett Johansson On Huge & Deserved Raise For Black Widow.

The Captain Marvel Prelude #1 comic book reveals why Nick Fury waited until Infinity War to contact Carol Danvers. At the end of the last Avengers movie, before Fury turns to dust with half... 

We were talking about this earlier. He probably done the Captain Marvel cameo and I hope they already have the Avengers 4 cameo done too.   It's going to be strange watching a Marvel film and not waiting to see where Stan pops up

This #NCBD Skyward #7 Aquaman #41 Batman #57 Cover #2 Damage #10 JL #10 JL Dark #4 Nightwing #51 Sideways #9 Teen Titans #23 Weapon Hex #1 Life of Captain Marvel #4 Marvel Zombie #1 Mr and Mrs X #4 Shuri #1 Thor #6 Venom Annual Weapon H #9 WhatIf? Ghost Rider X men Black Mystique

Anyone who as ever seen a Lego before would know that these are fake. Big figures don't have the normal minifigure head, and Lego would never make Thanos's arms (or any of their arms) so detailed. Don't even get me started on Hawkeye and Captain Marvel's hair. 

me re comics craft on  podcast ep #548 -- how characters succeed when we look for the wrong answer not the right answer  really loved talking , , + really just all things  (thanks for having me, jace!)

OMG! Moved by the amount of people cosplaying #CaptainMarvel for Halloween parties and Comic cons!  And lot of people wearing t shirts and getting lots of merchandise! HERE WE GO #CAROLCORPS! 2019 is ours


Daily Bugle Funnies [Marvel Super Hero Adventures: Captain Marvel - Halloween Spooktacular (2018) #1] via /r/comicbooks  

Hi there ! I bet you need someone with a PhD on  and Carol Danvers once  is there. Make sure to get a hold of our awesome  and he will surely deliver. 

When he knows damn well they're not using guns but they have a fake argument to distract from the fact they’re all staring as  ’s ass ° ° ° ° °      @the_sensational_spiderman  

“Oh man! That Captain Marvel was sooo good I won't watch any other movie for 8 months!”   - No one in March 2018

So Disney is just going to own Spring and most of summer with this Captain Marvel and Avengers 4. That mouse has his foot on all the other studios necks right now. 

thanos is gonna take one look at captain marvel’s Mohawk helmet and straight up hand her the infinity gauntlet, it’s THAT powerful

In Spring 2019, two new superheroes,  and , will hit the skies from opposing sides of the DC/Marvel showdown. But at one point, they both had the same name. 

Captain Marvel would be out of theaters by the time it came out. What the fuck kind of...  Oh. Clicks. That's why. 

People in the comments of this post also said she’d  be a better Captain Marvel.... SCARLETt isn’t the only actress alive you fuckin plebs and y’all act like she’s above every other mcu actress when she has the acting range of a string bean 

To encourage voting during tomorrow's election,  has shared this "edited" new CAPTAIN MARVEL photo! 

Happy ! I’m currently reading Captain Marvel Vol. 1 by DeConnick & Lopez to get ready for the new  movie!  

Oh wow. It’s coming together. This front armor piece was harder to sew together than it looks. So many pivots and tinnnnnny seam allowances. But I’m insanely happy with it!  _____    cosplay …  

Captain Marvel takes place in 1995. This begs the question: Do they know who shot Mr. Burns, or are they still speculating? 

Stan Lee had already filmed his Captain Marvel and Avengers 4 cameos https://www.independent.co.uk/arts-entertainment/films/news/stan-lee-dead-avengers-4-cameo-captain-marvel-a8631646.html?utm_medium=Social&utm_source=Twitter#Echobox=1542117297 …

And the fact he says in the trailer “We need you” to Captain Marvel shows how strong and powerful a character she is

Marvel Graphic Novels...I know very little about these. Surprised to see such varied titles and creators. After “Death of Captain Marvel” and intro to “The New Mutants” I did not follow.      

Some of Stan Lee’s co-creations:  Spider-Man X-Men Iron Man Thor The Hulk Black Panther Ant-Man Fantastic Four Doctor Strange Hawkeye Daredevil Black Widow Nick Fury Inhumans Captain Marvel S.H.I.E.L.D. Avengers Magneto Doctor Doom Green Goblin  

Okay. Here me out.  Chris Evans and Brie Larson are both in Scott Pilgrim vs. the World.  Chris plays Captain America. Brie plays Captain Marvel.  What are the chances that they meet in Avengers 4 and slip in a Scott Pilgrim reference?  Yeah, too much to think on that.

156 Days until Captain Marvel.   212 Days until Avengers 4.   275 Days until Spider-Man: Far From Home. 

Find out why Nick Fury made ‘that call’ at the end of  from “Marvel Studios’ Captain Marvel Prelude” writer :

I still feel like  missed a really good opportunity with their hero mashups in Infinity Wars (I still have not found out who the artist of this picture is yet. If you know please tell us!)   

War Machine: Hey Carol, in honour of you joining the Avengers, we've taken your old F-15 and painted it in your colours, red and blue  Captain Marvel: ...  War Machine: What?  Captain Marvel: Starscream. You've created Starscream.  Spider-Man: OH MY GOD RUN HE'LL KILL US ALL

I was going to do Captain Marvel for Halloween but since her movie isn’t out until March I’m going to hold off because I don’t think the kiddos at work will get it.   So what costume should I make for Halloween that very young kids will recognize? I mostly work with 0-5 year olds

The author of the Captain Marvel prelude, Will Corona Pilgrim, has said this is the reason Fury waited so long to call in Danvers! - “Carol’s the biggest gun you’ve got and Fury’s never one to waste a silver bullet, so if he’s finally making that call af…  

I think people really underrate or really misunderstand Captain Marvel’s Wisdom of Solomon.  It’s actually his greatest superpower.  It gives him:  - All of man’s knowledge and wisdom. It’s Wikipedia on tap.  - The greatest IQ in the universe. No one is smarter than him. 

Brie Larson on being : "I still just feel like myself. I don't feel like a superhero. This is all so surreal and new to me."  

You should cosplay Captain Marvel at the next Con! — I’m too broke to go to a con  https://curiouscat.me/WomynofMarvel/post/703547244?t=1541886928 …

2.Captain Marvel Rumors [2]  -Bittersweet ending as Captain Marvel has her power sworn to the Kree. Promises to Fury to help humanity when he calls upon her.

Here's our BRAND NEW  Cosplay video! with all types of awesome from  to  and even things that don't start with the letter C! Check it out and if you like it don't forget to share!  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Kkdw1FyBLA … #MCMcomiccon #MCMLondon #Cosplaypic.twitter.com/1AFX55AGWx


This SIGNED Captain Marvel lithograph premieres tomorrow at  — Piazza Napoleone at Booth NAP249!  Can't make it to the con? Starting tomorrow, you can pre-order it here:     

Want you to feel loved, hugged and fullfilled with positive energy every single day of your life, ! YOU’LL NEVER BE ALONE. At your service my  

FASTEST TRAILER TO HIT 1M LIKES IN THE WORLD  #Sarkar - 5Hrs   ZERO - 18Hrs.  InfinityWar - 21hrs.  ThugsOfHindostan - 3Days.  CaptainMarvel - 7Days.  Venom - 12Days.  #ZeroFastest50MnOnYT

2019 WILL BE AWESOME  OPM S2 MOB PSYCHO 100 S2 DR. STONE ANIME DORAEMON BNHA S4 AVENGERS 4  CAPTAIN MARVEL SPIDERMAN FAR FROM HOME  DARK PHOENIX GAMBIT  HSJDBDJSJSBDJDJSNSJS

The best cameo for Stan Lee in Captain Marvel:  There’s a photo of Stan at S.H.I.E.L.D base   Carol: Who’s this? Nick Fury: It’s a hero  

Don’t worry everyone and all my followers, as soon as my brother and Rocket Raccoon find Captain Marvel, we will defeat this manchild and his cronies and his ally, Thanos the Mad Titan. 

Marvel Studios confirmó que Stan Lee alcanzó a grabar los cameos para Captain Marvel y Avengers4.   Lo veremos en la gran pantalla por una última vez  

Descubre el origen de una de las heroínas más poderosas.  interpreta a , de Marvel Studios. ¡Muy pronto en cines!  

Haha yea, the moment I saw that in the solicitations I put it on my list. Explains why he was posting Captain Marvel artwork on twitter for a while before the series was announced

Some say that anyone on the  train probably hates on   Not true  We WANT to be over the moon excited for this, but for a lot of us the unjust firing of James Gunn has sapped our joy for The MCU. Much like Carol had her powers sapped by a young Rogue 

Yes, Captain Marvel is setting up the MCU's Secret Invasion.  But why are fans expecting it to be in Avengers 4 aka Infinity War - Part 2?   

if some sensitive men aren’t going to see captain marvel guess i’m just gonna have to see it 500 times in theaters for them. this bitch is getting ALL my coins and no one can stop me

HAHAHA THE BEST PERSON aka ! Such a power core control! And such a taste  This girl  knows how to live life to the fullest! Our , baby 

I just really feel the need to point out that Scott Pilgrim beat up Captain America and Super Man and also dated Captain Marvel and that I really love this movie.   #ScottPilgrimVsTheWorld

I need to make sure to watch Captain Marvel and Aquaman on the release day because otherwise it'll get ruined by spoilers 

if captain marvel is getting this much hate even before her movie comes out imagine what stan twitter is going to do to kamala. im ready to fight just thinking about it. 

We have James Gunn to thank for the success of the Cosmic MCU. Gunn chose Ronan and Korath for Guardians of the Galaxy. Both characters will appear in Captain Marvel. Please don't forget the legacy this film is built on.   

Captain Marvel in football you need to make your own luck rest assured there was nothing lucky about last night’s result was a gritty performance where all the players sweated blood thanks for all the hard work and making us an even prouder nation this morning

Obvious: The old lady Captain Marvel punched is a Skrull.  Plot Twist: Captain Marvel actually punched an old lady and Avengers 4 will be the story of protagonist and balance lover Thanos fighting an insane Captain Marvel to save the Universe.. again.   

julia b & i on houseparty b: ranting abt how isaac is gonna get a nicotine addiction and how bad juul is  me & julia: laughing at my sister dressed as captain marvel  b: this is the face rednecks have in their profile pics 

I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/VkP3mMgTbaw?a  CAPTAIN MARVEL Official Trailer (2019) Brie Larson Marvel Movie

Captain Marvel is touching down at Disney California Adventure Park in early 2019! Learn more: http://bit.ly/2DI3NOF

Carol Danvers made several points when she punched the fuck out of that old white lady in the Captain Marvel trailer 

Brie Larson (left) plays Carol Danvers/Captain Marvel in Marvel's#captainmarvel#avenger4#marvelstudeos#movies  

I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/lYi1qotXSsg?a  Doctor Who: Series 11 (Captain Marvel Style)


‘Captain Marvel’s cat has a cameo on the official poster – here’s what you need to know about him: https://trib.al/7qiQ5kQ

hey  i painted this today. the black and white part is supposed to be this picture of you and then i painted the captain marvel logo  

Comic book day!  is rapidly approaching, I am eager for every little bit I can get! Go out and buy the movie prelude!   

 alumnus  (BFA 2009 Illustration) posts sketches and drawings on Twitter every day and they are awesome! Catch her at  next week starting Oct 4-7.     

The media continues to spin news surrounding  by focusing so much on  that they are beginning to lose the complexity of the human person in who they discuss...we are not defined by race, gender, or anything else  

Even BP and Spider-Man got a supporting role in CW before getting their own films. But, Captain Marvel? Gets a movie out of nowhere, so that we could have our deus ex-machina for Avengers 4. What's so special about her anyway? oh you say she could make great poker faces? Ok then.

New post (Why Nick Fury Didn’t Call Captain Marvel Until Thanos' Infinity War Snap) has been published on Buzzort - 



the ending of 2018 and 2019 are filled with so many exciting movies like . Venom. Bohemian Rhapsody. Bumblebee. Into the spider verse. Destroyer. Captain Marvel. Avengers 4. Toy story 4. Spiderman far from home & so many others i can't wait to be broke AND have my life ruined

Okay so I went to the movies and a preview of Captain Marvel came on A BITCH IS EXCITED FOR MARCH OF NEXT YEAR.

  This piece was very challenging, but we're super happy with how it turned out : )   by   by me Also thanks to  who's been mentoring us and gave us incredible feedback in this piece!

‘Captain Marvel’: Kevin Feige Says Marvel Studios Is Excited to Share “A Very Different Type of Origin Story” 

You do realize that Nick Fury is the main source of exposition for these films, right? The movie is called ‘Captain Marvel’. She’s the main character. Nick’s purpose is to educate the audience who she is. Your argument is just so ridiculous. It’s a trailer!

Sorry to remind you of this, but CHRISTMAS IS COMING! I always get nervous sending orders out close to the time in case they don't make it, so if you want any of my prints - order soon! Pls RT :)     

Marvel writer Margaret Stohl on tugging at emotional chord with 'The Life of Captain Marvel' series http://dnai.in/fLFH  by @ruchasharma

Christopher Reeve's Superman was the answer to "What if you mashed Captain America and Captain Marvel together?" An innocence, and yet a strength from that innocence. You believed in him cause he believed in everyone. 

Well, I think you know mine....@kellysue 's Captain Marvel!  Honorable mentions: Lady Mechanika Domino She-Hulk  Zatanna Scarlett

WHAT A DELIGHT! Our HER-O  leads the charge in today’s Unstoppable Hulk #6! Art by Lee Garbet!! PROUD 

Just a friendly reminder that next year we're going to have Captain Marvel, Avengers 4 and Spiderman Far From home and I don't know if I'm going to survive

Tawky Tawny was part of the set when I first met Captain Marvel. I thought he was charming, and just accepted our tweed wearing friend

I've got a BUNCH of  pieces coming as I'm getting caught up. First up: Day 15 - ! Turns out, I LOVE drawing Carol. Go check out ' amazing version of the MCU version.  6x9, $40 shipped, for sale.

It could!  Also - Captain Marvel himself was romantically interested in her at one point, asking her out on a date.  So there's support for it. 

Captain Marvel trailer looks great. Plus they made the word HERO out of the word HER, which is literally the best thing I’ve even seen in my life. #Captainmarvel #MCU

Im so stoked to be decked in my Captain Marvel gear today thanks to Darryl Young Designs super cute button and  Captain Tee. Carol Corps reporting for duty y'all!  

I'm only anticipating: Dark phoenix  Captain marvel Aladdin  Joker And one glorious dose of Stranger things. 

I got comics! And a cool Captain Marvel magnet. Sometimes when you're broke af you have to splurge on yourself, be kind to yourself  

Captain Marvel  Photo:     comics cosplay   https://www.instagram.com/p/BoIOdCPA9wB/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=1hdegkzwwiedl …


Honestly so excited for: Toy story 4 Pokemon Captain Marvel Avengers 4 Child's Play Lion King  What else did I miss? #2019

You know, "Batman: The Brave and The Bold" is the perfect chaser for "Batman vs. Two-Face." Given he has a movie coming up, I hopped right to the Shazam ... er ... Captain Marvel episode. Man, this show is so great.  BraveBold   

Depends on the team and if anyone is paid at all. Some are government agents like Captain Marvel others are self funded like Thor. Some use other means...


I wouldn't be surprised if Captain Marvel was the catalyst of their deaths. Phase 3 is an ongoing chain of events.


Captain Marvel  by Magic Pants Cosplay  Gif from Cosplay Video by    Original Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SJQ4_SuJGj8 … #CarolDanvers #CarolCorps #CaptainMarvel #MarvelComics @brielarsonpic.twitter.com/kOrBonpkkc

scott lang is gonna be so amazed by captain marvel. literally in awe. they’ll be so powerful together

“This idea of these fantasy figures, I actually think this is the wrong image we ought to be pushing. I think little boys are actually harmed by these super hero images,” said @ChavezLinda concerning her thoughts on Captain Marvel and super hero movies in general. #CaptainSwan

I don't like when people ask who is the true captain Marvel. SHAZAM is as important as Captain Marvel from Marvel. Different franchise. Different powers there is simply two true captain Marvel. No big deal. //

The  trailer was watched 109 million times globally in 24 hours after being released, ranking it as the 11th most-viewed online movie trailer in its first 24 hours! 

since i can’t afford merch i’m going to paint the captain marvel logo on my jeans uwu let’s hope i don’t fuck it up

    90's Rogue will forever be my version. If only she was in  movie to drain her powers away & save us all 

Bathong Captain, keng nkare you're saying goodbye. Kanti isn't Captain Marvel going to save everyone!!!???  NO!  

I see what you’re saying here and I won’t deny she is more popular and she’s iconic, I love Khamala Khan I’m just not a big fan of another character taking another character iconic name who owned it already. Also I’m not a fan of Carol as Captain Marvel her personality is bland 

Someone please tell Thanos to use the gauntlet with the infinity stones, we need Stan Lee... We want him to complete captain marvel for us 

Thanks for the tag! 5? I cant do this.... No order for me too cause it changes.  Captain America Thor Silver Surfer Batman Ugh.... Captain Marvel or Starlord or spiderman or.... I cant get a 5th, lol.     

Avengers Captain Marvel Origin Revealed! Why Did Nick Fury Wait? https://youtu.be/JJpheSW9wTE  via @YouTube

This week Jim&Ted cover  for   & compare to  with all this  we push into  & 's  wrapping up with the  of     

But it’s going to mean time off of work. She has a long recovery road ahead. Lost days mean lost pay. You know the drill.   I need her to be able to afford tickets for Captain Marvel. I am really going to try my hardest to make it to that one.

I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://youtu.be/wpNN-_kXW50?a  MCU: Captain Marvel Prelude ( Why Nick Fury Waited So Long To Call

Maybe Johns and DC  should apologize for Flashpoint The New 52 especially his last attempt at ruining Captain Marvel (That is his name) and now the horrifying travesty of Heroes in Crisis. Johns,DiDio,Lee and @TomKingTK should be ashamed of what they've done and should be fired


! All your favourite Avengers are coming to the  Zone at Delhi  2018, including Captain Marvel!  Come meet them all, book passes now--->   

just found out that my film professor edited the film Short Term 12,  the one that stars brie larson. BRIE LARSON.. AKA CAPTAIN MARVEL???? HES GONNA HAVE TO SIGN MY MIDTERM

You know what would be funny? If Avengers 4 picks up from the part where Nick Fury pages Captain Marvel, but she's also been snapped out of existence by Thanos.

take me back to the captain marvel trailer reveal day when all of mcu stan twitter was in harmony for a few golden hours

The next time Clark Gregg graces a Marvel red carpet, it will be for a movie he's starring in. It's been a while.    

On 2019 our souls will be blessed from this movie:  Spiderman: far from home Captain Marvel Avengers 4 Dark Phoenix  WHO'S EXCITED FOR 2019?????

Yeah, Captain Marvel is a walking, talking deus ex machina, arguably more so than Superman, but it’s never been the powers that made him so great.  It’s always been his incorruptible heart.

So, given the timing of Captain Marvel, what's the over under on how many basic dudes are going to show up to parties next year in their Whatever and say "I'm a Skrull."


A palpable 2019 for Marvel and the rest of us to look forward to, with Avengers 4, Captain Marvel, X-Men - Dark Phoenix and Spider-Man Far From Home, all due for release. It's truly going to be a 'Marvel'ous year!  #MarvelComics #CaptainMarvel #SpiderMan #Avengers4 #SuperHeroes

Top 7 Most Liked Teaser/Trailers  1 . Infinity War Trailer 1 - 3.37M  2 . Infinity War Trailer 2 - 1.77M  3 . Thugs Of Hindostan Trailer - 1.26M  4 . #Mersal Teaser - 1.11M  5 . #Sarkar Teaser - 1.10M  6 . Tiger Zinda Hai Trailer - 1.07M  7 . Captain Marvel Trailer - 1.02M


Making this prediction now: The Ralph Breaks the Internet release is going to be HUGE for Disney... How could they possibly live up to the title? New Captain Marvel, Avengers, Aladdin, and Lion King trailers beforehand would certainly do the trick.

Once again: Why do people still check for  content!? Are they THAT desperate for "news"?   was being released on November 1, 2019.  = March 8, 2019. THEY WEREN'T COMPETING! Don't ask Fake Randolph to help w/ hw. 2+2=5 in her household 


If any of you wish to defeat The Spectre you can:  -Be extremely powerful in terms of magic (I.e Doctor Fate, Captain Marvel and The Phantom Stranger).  -Sacrifice yourself in hope The Presence, takes notice and intervenes.  -Trick him into giving up his power. 

when i started reading captain marvel comics i fell in love with her instantly, then hoped w all my heart she’d get a movie & now she finally is :’) i know you’ll do her justice. thank u for bringing her to life on the big screen, cant wait till march !!  

Usually, when movies make a marketing faux pas, it’s more along the lines of bad photoshop on a poster. But this week, Disney‘s Captain Marvel managed to accidentally advertise a phone sex hotline. Hardly an ideal outcome when you’re trying 

Maybe Captain Marvel is just doing what we all want to do and punching the stupid baby boomers in their fucking faces?

The Beast bounding down the hallway reminded me of the splash page from Avengers 167. I’d like to see Hank interact with Monica Rambeau’s Captain Marvel. Seems fun. 

Los que critican a Captain Marvel son los que ven películas de Marvel sólo por que son de Marvel, se callan por que los veo en el cine pelotudos

With  coming up and Disney's re-acquisition of the  properties, we could actually get a proper version of . I wouldn't mind her (and Mystique?) being introduced in Carol's 2nd movie w/ bits inspired by Avengers Annual 10.

@ManaByte do you think that the captain marvel post-credit scene will involve clint's family disappearing to make me wanna kill the Russos even more than I do now? :)

i keep seeing all negativity on my feed so here’s some positive things that happened the past few days   -rapunzel waved at me during paint the night last night  -i had vip seating for paint the night -i’ve been nicknamed captain marvel  -i had a cupcake for breakfast

The trailer for the new series of  starring Jodie Whittaker has jumped up to the #1 slot on the Trending page on YouTube; overtaking the Captain Marvel trailer and Mary Poppins Returns trailer within only a few mere hours. 

I cannot begin to tell you how happy I am that managed to snag ’s Oversized Corps Sweater off of Nerd Herd Emporium.  I feel...Marvelous   

IQ test last week... Initials history this week... @PowerTripKFAN has been rollin some mighty good bits #captainmorgan #captainmarvel

Are you high? Captain Marvel is released in March and WW84 was November how the hell is that running away from a fight? Captain Marvel will be out on home release by July. Captain Marvel would be forgotten about by Nov’19. Dumbest thing I’ve heard all month

Oh, and of course, Filipe Andrade's art is superb, with Chris O'Halloran's colors making it even better. I knew Andrade's from KSD's first Captain Marvel volume and the art here is a bit different; I think I liked it even more. His style fits a magical story more, too! 

Marceline, Captain Marvel, and Emily from Corpse Bride would be cool as well. Those are maybes for me.


I’d care about this Captain Marvel doesn’t smile situation if people didn’t incorrectly target Man of Steel/Batman v Superman for Superman “not smiling” for the last 5 years.

Idc how much money it cost I'm gonna spend my money to watch Loki Wanda bucket and Sam shows if the nick fury show is real I'ma watch that also. Plus all the MCU MOVIES will be on the including captain Marvel avengers 4 and Spider-Man far from home. Going forward YEET 

Every time I see the Captain Marvel trailer I get more hyped for Captain Marvel. Every time I see the Dark Phoenix trailer I...get more hyped for Captain Marvel.

SNEAK PEEK: Brie Larson Is "Captain Marvel" http://www.sneakpeek.ca/2018/11/brie-larson-is-captain-marvel.html?spref=tw …

  i wanted to join too, sorry for breaking your screens! haha i love u so much brie and i'm so excited for captain marvel  

 is such a rad and beautiful hash tag  as a long time Marvel fan and I am definitely supporting/anticipating Brie as Captain Marvel, it's so awesome to see her support for this! here's my contribution. 

Remember, Lego Robin went against Captain America, Superman/Atom, Captain Marvel and got jumped on by The Punisher, just to go out with Huntress. 

Coming in 2019, from Disney— I mean Fox. Captain Marvel— I mean Dark Phoenix. Who will save us from Skrulls— I mean Aliens— I mean Skrulls! (…?)  In Association w/ Marvel (not to be confused with Marvel Studios)  https://twitter.com/xmenmovies/status/1044935897655926784?s=21 …

Okay, now I'm REALLY confused. Captain Marvel got blasted for not smiling enough in her trailer, now She-Ra is blasted for smiling too much.  And somehow both of these things are anti-feminine.  JUST ADMIT YOU'RE MISOGYNISTS AND LEAVE

How is this White Feminism ?  As far as we know, every single character of color exists to help Captain Marvel/Carol. They're sidekicks & support staff. They're LITERALLY not going to take anything away from her.  Treating Nick Fury's lines in the trailer as such is... gross.

Very disappointed in Brie Larson. Honestly not even going to go into anything as I really like her. I’ve gotten past a few questionable things that she’s said before but this crossing a line. Do better Brie & please show some respect, especially now that you’re Captain Marvel  

sometimes i wonder what it’s like to believe captain marvel and thor ARENT the strongest avengers but then i realize i don’t wanna believe in a lie 

Not to be dramatic, but the Captain Marvel Vans are sold out so what’s the point of living anymore? 

Brie Larson dons the Captain Marvel superhero suit again - Daily Mail #CaptainMarvel https://apple.news/AH27DKiSdR5CZrRcRxC-rFA …

I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/DR6jHLqA3dk?a  Steam's Sexy Games are BACK + Kingdoms of Amalur SAVED + Captain Marvel REVEALED

Some very exciting news that Adelaide based @rspvfx are currently working on the much anticipated @captainmarvel movie! http://bit.ly/2xOhmHb  #vfx #movies #visualeffects #featurefilm #southaustralia #adelaide #studio #film #technology #creativeindustries

For the record, I do hope that out of the fifty million things DC has announced that NEW GODS gets made. But this and the whole Captain Marvel thing remind me why I utterly despise the Marvel/DC fanboy pissing match and how it’s tainted the well of fandom.


Thank you stan lee for all of this   AVENGERS Spider-Man Wolverine Iron Man Thor Fantastic Four Hulk Black Panther Captain Marvel  Ant-Man Goblin Daredevil Doctor Doom Nick Fury Inhumans Magneto   1922-2018 

Joe Quinones movie version of his classic  cover! Been waiting so long for this movie to drop! Can’t wait for that first week in March!   

I’M REALLY CRYING RIGHT NOW MARVEL HAS BLESSED ME TODAY!! FIRST A CAPTAIN MARVEL TRAILER AND NOW A LOKI SPIN OFF SHOW?? 

Well, Jean is supposed to be a villain here. We're not supposed to cheer for the DARK Phoenix. We're supposed to cheer for the X-Men. We're supposed to cheer for Captain Marvel.

ICYMI: In this segment, the KALB movie buffs give their thoughts on the first "Captain Marvel" trailer that dropped in the past week. Is it an immediate surprise or perhaps underwhelming? The W.A.M. gang was split. 

rick essentially saying he's pan is exactly what i deserved for finishing that captain marvel series. happened in the last issue too

Drawing Captain Marvel!   I loved the trailer, can’t wait to see the movie~     Trailer Challenge   

I can't wait for #CaptainMarvel. I love @Marvel solo movies more than collective-based films (Avengers).

Once we get more A4 and Captain Marvel content, I’ll tweet much more about Steve and the impeding pain approaching.

(The core group would consist of Captain Marvel, She-Hulk, the Scarlet Witch, the Wasp, dude!Hawkeye, and Captain Marvel Photon Pulsar Spectrum Monica, though other Avengers would show up when needed.)

Sorry I made y’all wait behind me to get past the theater ticket-taker, folks, but the #CaptainMarvel poster came up on the electronic screen next to him and I just had to geek out for a second.

The only Marvel movies to have more trailer views than  in the first 24 hours are Thor: Ragnarok and Infinity War.   Don’t let anyone try to tell you it was a disappointing trailer launch or there’s no interest in the movie. 

AVENGERS 4: ULTRON RETURNS ??? MARVEL SETS UP POSSIBILITY in NEW PRELUDE COMIC https://youtu.be/JAmzpm9NS3c  via @YouTube #Avengers #Avengers4 #Marvel #MarvelComics #CaptainMarvel

We've got two authors signing from 1-2pm.  will sign a free print or his marvel books and come get a free  poster signed by !   2018  #


Just an awesome Spider-Man Noir commission by Captain Marvel artist ! So good. Could possibly be an Enter the Spider-verse variant cover, ?

The first photo looks like an official movie poster for Captain Marvel  Well JooE said shes part of Avengers anyway        


Final reading tonight....Whiz Comics #2, the first appearance of Captain Marvel. Probably the Golden Age Age comic I’ve read the most times but I never get tired of it. 


mano acabei de ver uma pessoa que usa o icon e user da captain marvel defendendo o biroboro OLHA SÓ A AUDÁCIA DA DESGRAÇADA QUE NÃO TEM O MÍNIMO DE CONHECIMENTO SOBRE A PERSONAGEM  A CAROL É TOTALMENTE O OPOSTO DO QUE ESSE SER DEFENDE 

hey!! i’m trying to find new mutuals since twitter decided to suspend my account!! so rt if you stan the following: tony stark/rdj brie larson/captain marvel ironstrange  stony amatw literally anything marvel i’m begging y’all

happy birthday lexaaaa! finally 15 ka na. you deserve all the love and height in the world (love nalang daw pala haha) gotchu always oki? loveyouuu  *let's watch captain marvel okay! 

//:To all these “Thanos is nothing without the gauntlet”. I also submit the fact he was bodied/held off the likes of Namor,Thor, Hulk and Captain marvel without it.   Switching to MCU if you’ll notice he held every stone with his bare hands! Which every other being - 

Captain Marvel of  Air Force Club leading by example with his goals   Here's Hammadi Ahmad and his goals in the 

Brie Larson (Captain Marvel) has expressed interest in playing Samus Aran in a Metroid live-action film    | 

I can FINALLY share with u all what I've been up to all summer!  has her own Little Golden Book, and I had the honor of illustrating the whole thing! Book is written by one… https://www.instagram.com/p/BofPmupB2g8/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=1mizcqgzlwd6t …

2019 is a big pog. hyped for captain marvel, avengers 4 Aladdin Shrek 5 (obviously) Lion King IT 2 (   ) Star Wars and Glass, and Alita look interesting.

I’m a HUGE DC fab I love them but saying that the joker had more emotion in 30 seconds than  in the whole trailer it’s so stupid. They are playing completely different roles it makes literally no sense 

1. Agent Melinda May 2. Agent Phil Coulson 3. Agent Elena Rodriguez  4. Shuri 5. Captain Marvel 6. Thor 7. Tony Stark/Iron Man 

Just watched Infinity War again last night and asdfghjkl na-excite nanaman ko sa Captain Marvel HAHAHAHAHAHAA  

From Brie Larson’s IG- “I’m just trying to be honest here.”  Our HERo knows how to have some fun! And she’s super fit!  

 inspire EVERYONE! SO glad to see the carol Corps growing and growing everyday! A LOT of new followers And yes a Lot Of Men too! Welcome sisters! Welcome brothers! Look at this  ! (spideyluc on IG)!



a HERo. Couldn’t resist. Had to do a  exclusive for  !!! I can’t tell y’all how much I’m looking forward to this movie. She’s def my fave avenger. I can’t wait to finally see  as her on the big screen!    

That may not be a good idea. Because I feel if Disney wants Captain Marvel to make the same money Black Panther did globally or a billion at least, especially since its opening on a holiday weekend akin to Black Panther, they should probably show her 2 hype up her movie even more

So I yelled Shazam and look who showed up, not Captain Marvel but Justin Kucsulain who plays Killroy in the upcoming Kevin Smith movie Killroy Was Here.    

If someone accosts the bae while he's out and about I take it as a personal attack because I'm in a bodysuit as Captain Marvel and all I've gotten tonight is a weird guy asking what my monthly pulls are

I’m honestly expecting one of the post-credit scenes in Captain Marvel to be a flash forward to Carol getting Nick Fury’s message after he turned to dust at the end of Infinity War.

It's Recording Day! This week: , , &  trailers,  first look, &  closes! Plus another ! In the meantime catch up here  :      

Hey,  fans, I'm fundraising for surgery and for any amount you donate to the campaign, I'll put your name in a hat to win your very own, made by me, Captain Marvel jacket. If you want in, just put  on your donation. 

The Nerds Bros Geek Show    - This episode of The Nerd Bro Geek Show is all about !   The anticipations, expectations, and speculations of the movie that will bring the infinite universe of Marvel together before one last show down with Thanos 

So there's going to be two Captain Marvels in 2019.   March - #CaptainMarvel (Marvel) April - #Shazam (DC) - yes, his name is actually Captain Marvel

[ Why did the Asgardians come here? Its an empty lot] [ I dont know, youre the one playing PI ] [ Unless it was something before?] [ Or something Strange? ] [ I mean it IS really strange.. oh.. oh I hate you] [ No you dont.]   

“We saw the  teaser trailer that BROKE RECORDS. We’ve seen the movie many times, it’s coming together EXTREMELY well. Brie’s doing a TREMENDOUS job.Sam Jackson’s a very different NickFury, the entire cast. While it’s an ORIGIN story of our hero, it’s very different” 

Small Screen Heroes: Captain Marvel Trailer, Henry Cavill, Amazing Spider-Man, Tom Velez, Spider-Man PS4  

I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://youtu.be/cOFhXFiDCQ8?a  Captain Kirk Killed by Greed | Captain Marvel Trailer Reaction | Loki

Here's Our First Captain Marvel Trailer Is Openly Pro-Corruption Now Lena Dunham Is Threatening Auras Compiles the Spotlight (and Hailey Baldwin Reportedly Took a Major in the War

Here's my new #CaptainMarvel Official New Origin Story for the MCU!  #Avengershttp://youtu.be/f08OxvBg6fI?a

Fastest To Reach 1 Million Likes In Youtube  #Sarkar - 4H 45Minutes  #Avengers Infinity war - 21 Hours  #Thugsof Hindostan - 3 Days  #Captain Marvel - 7 Days  #Venom - 12 Days  #Mersal - 23 Days  STUNNING SARKAR TEASER

I think it can capture the charm Captain Marvel once had, I enjoyed the N52 story but it’s time to go to basics (again) for Billy & co


1. The fight with Mongul in “For The Man Who Has Everything” 2. Asking Zod to step outside in SUPERMAN II. 3. Just about any time he fights with Captain Marvel/Shazam (especially “Kingdom Come” and the MAD “Superduperman” parody). 

 has superhuman strength, speed, stamina, durability, and the ability to fly. Her main power, however is energy projection and absorption. 

And it isn't like both are going to be compared anyway. WW84 will release on 2020 and there'll be articles comparing it with Captain Marvel. It is what it is, but both movies aren't competing indeed not before and definitely not now. 

So the only real summary for the season is Mallory aka captain marvel is that Bitch and Satan never gives up...  

From  & 's brains to my 8 month old Eliza's first Halloween costume, look at my adorable little !    https://twitter.com/sykoscorch/status/1057359951092281344?s=21 …

Purple dress day! (I'll either center my Captain Marvel poster or move it to another wall, but there was a nail there, so up she went) 

Why did no one tell me about #DetectivePikachu #DetectivePikachuMovie ? Captain marvel, avengers 4 and now this?!??!? I want 2019 to get here already


So happy to be featured on   as . Photo Credit: Edward Liu.  comics  https://www.instagram.com/p/BosQeRBg6To/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=10id1kx8golow …

For a long time, I thought I was the only who loved the Sentry. I have been looking for other Sentry fans for a long time. So, in February this year, I saw the Talking Supeman account. And then I found Talking Captain Marvel (now deactivated) and decided that I should...1/3

$DIS movie lineup in 2019: Captain Marvel, Avengers 4, Toy Story 4, Frozen 2, Lion King (live-action), Aladdin (live-action), Dumbo (live-action), and the final chapter of the new Star Wars main trilogy...$NFLX will counter with Stranger Things and Ozark.

I'm just going to wait for the release of captain marvel and watch the mindblowing hit is going to be, maybe an all time gross film, and then wait to see how badly that hurts this big mouth jackasses.

I know a lot of people dislike or hate Monica Rambeau as Captain Marvel, but I am super excited some of her adventures as Captain Marvel are being collected. 

Thanos should bring out the Avengers' final challenge, Scott Pilgrim. He defeated Superman, Captain America, Captain Marvel, and Katara of the southern water tribe 

Myself @RafDanvers and Fernanda @CaptMarvelBR talked a LOT yesterday about Brie visiting our country.  It’s not everyday that Captain Marvel herself gets to visit you!

Captain Marvel zapped in chains. And they all your heart? What goes to me, Tell me whisper in her mind. She said we’re

AvailableNOW at    Captain Marvel () undergoes ,   and  all while under the spell of the evil Dr. Mesmer!  Join today and don't miss this one! 

u can’t be as much of a coward as me.     im too scared to call my comic shop n tell them to put me on the subscription list for uncanny and captain marvel 

Space beings invade NYC! , , , , —all the  superheroes are here, in a new graphic narrative told with Salish motifs and S’Klallam phrases. : Of Gods and Heroes opens 10/6.   

❝ I’m not what you think I am. ❞     — carol danvers. captain marvel.         mature content. seeking interactions. 

@ everyone saying captain marvel is a boy: not only are u stupid and thats the dc universe, but billy has a twin sister named mary who also takes up the mantle of captain marvel, so youre STILL wrong! stay pressed, xoxo 

not to be dramatic but there was an alex ross stand with the original drawings including the freaking Captain Marvel one skmdngxkahjs 

the  trailer made me feel A LOT, but one image keeps standing out to me above ALL the flash-bang AWESOMENESS. Carol lovingly/confidently touching her plane (presumably before jumping into it) like old friends readying for an adventure. idk why, i just really love it 

Colossal Collectibles  Comic Book Corner   Captain Marvel Prelude #1  Published: Marvel Comics 2018 Condition: NM  Store:         


Hey so I’m a new marvel acc trying to make mutuals so rt if you like- Spider-Man  The guardians  Black panther The winter soldier  Loki Iron man Thor Captain marvel  Basically the whole mcu lol (pls rt and follow back I need friends) 

I want Captain Marvel to be the first Marvel Movie Maya see's. Unfortunately she's seen like, 8 Marvel movies with me already. But this will still be good.    365   #toocute#daddysgirl   monday 

If anyone’s still on Captain Marvel’s case because she rarely smiled, may I present to you Exhibits A-V 

Captain Marvel, one of the formidable heroines of the Marvel universe, will be getting a hero’s welcome in a new comic-book series that begins in January 

I’m at the theater seeing Venom and during the Captain Marvel trailer a girl behind me said “this is why I’m a lesbian”

Lucky #7 of  led by  is here! This week we are talking  trailer, Joaquin Phoenix’s  the 90s horror gem  and ALOT more! Come check it out! Like/Subscribe      

"Please Stop Photoshopping Smiles Onto Captain Marvel"  Aka  "FACEAPP IS LITERALLY RAPE", the article.  

Between Captain Marvel and the Avengers 4 rumors, it seems like the MCU is rounding out Phase Three with a greatest hits victory lap, and I am 100% on board with that.

Hey, , just from the only trailer we have, here are the 8  Pops I want. The one of her going binary should be a GITD, obviously. I also want a Movie Moment of her punching the old lady. Thanks for your time. 

Speaking of #CaptainMarvel. Higher. Further. Faster. #Leggo I'm so ready for this.https://youtu.be/Z1BCujX3pw8

Stan Lee’s upcoming cameo’s will probably be Captain Marvel and Avengers 4  And his last ever cameo will most likely be.... Spider-Man: Far From Home. The greatest character he’s ever created. FUCK 


why did ffh get so many set pics but we've been fed scraps with a4, captain marvel, and literally every other marvel movie ever

The lack of lengthy and definitive runs is what has kept Captain Marvel from being a well understood and well known - NAY!- ICONIC character.  DC is directly responsible for three droughts between his ongoing series lasting 19, 17, and 19 years in that order. 

FASTEST TEASER / TRAILER TO HIT 1M LIKES #Sarkar  - 4hr45Min.  #InfinityWar - 21hrs.  #ThugsOfHindostan - 3Days.  #CaptainMarvel - 7Days.  #Venom - 12Days.  #Mersal - 23 Days.  #WorldMostLikedSARKARTeaser #Fastest1MLikesForSARKARteaser

dengar cerita avengers 4 bakal keluar trailer dalam bulan ni  while waiting don't forget to stream captain marvel's trailer


Captain Marvel (Official Trailer) - Icons like/reblog if you save/use or ©: spiderszman (twitter) https://tmblr.co/ZkFGSi2c9Kv0X

New VideoThe Eternals Character Reveals! Possible Entry of Thanos’s Brother?!       4 annihilation    

So  will officially be set in 1995, so I immediately need it to include a montage scene of  listening to Spice Girls on her Discman on the way to watch Toy Story 

franchise all over again. something i especially loved was the pure captain marvel aspect of kid adam becoming he man. in fact beck then i was inspired to do my won takes on she ra and yeah i pretty much went the same route a younger kid becoming a badass goddess 

@brielarson @captainmarvel hi sorry to bother you but... i’d really like it if we could get another trailer or a promo picture... i miss Her <3

Yes, this is so important. We have to meet them where they are. I've got some sophomores that are reading The Life of Captain Marvel right now and really identifying with it. #worldgeochat

Fuuuuuck me. Brie Larson doesn't want some rando's digits, and that's reason to not go see "Captain Marvel?" I'd expect no less from a fragile nitwit who counts Nazi apologists among his friends.

Jackson Bostwick Shazam custom made with a Brick Mantooth, some paint and an awesome figurestoycompany Shazam suit!      … https://www.instagram.com/p/BoJ0TKMHa75/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=ia66y9czc8ds …

god im gonna have to check disneyland’s pin website every wk after christmas just in case they drop any captain marvel pins huh...

1) CM3 -  *Finally* getting around to the problem of not being able to say his own super name out loud, Freddie Freeman became a Teen Titan using his ability to transform into a super powered form previously known as Captain Marvel Jr. 

I don’t care if you don’t think  will be a good carol danvers. I don’t care if you don’t think girls need a hero w a stand alone film. I don’t care if you think captain marvel is overpowered and boring.  Brie Larson is a hero. And no one can ever convince me otherwise. 

“Captain Marvel doesn’t smile enough!” “Captain Marvel shouldn’t punch old ladies!” “Brie Larson needs more charisma!” “Captain Marvel doesn’t talk enough in her own teaser trailer!” “Marvel stole the name from DC!”  Jesus, people need to shut up. #CaptainMarvel

Loving this!  as@part of the new Avengers team and looks like there will be a pack with Carol and Steve! 

"I'm not what you think I am."  Another photo of the Captain Marvel shoot for  !  Photos, makeup and edit by   Wig made and costume worn by   Cosplay sponsored by  !      

My regular dental hygienist overbooked so the new guy cleaned my teeth then we watched the Captain Marvel trailer and he showed me a photo of him with Kobe Bryant on his phone

The Video Version of This Week’s  Is Up!  “ Impresses, Misdiagnosing The Trouble With , and The Collective Dream”  Audio version has been available on  apps everywhere since yesterday.  Enjoy!   

The 'Captain Marvel' screenwriter explains why she finally faced her fears and decided to direct her passion project. #FantasticFest https://buff.ly/2xD8gxx

Whatever the case, WB is being overly cautious. Whether it be due to Captain Marvel, Star Wars/Frozen or story/production concerns. It is alright to delay if they want to get it right but if they are moving cuz of the competition…then that’s just sad, really. 

venom: 4 days  into the spider-verse: 74 days  dark phoenix: 136 days  captain marvel: 158 days  a4: 214 days  far from home: 277 days

god i don’t really care about marvel as a whole that much despite having seen almost all of the movies but i’m actually super excited that i’ll be in disney for the captain marvel release.  i hope they do some cool stuff.. have some cool brie larson merch..

Captain Marvel is the easiest read, Pretty Deadly the toughest structurally, Bitch Planet the toughest emotionally.  Does that help?  Whatever you start with, I hope you dig. 

If there's something strange in you neighborhood Who you gonna call? () If there's something weird And it don't look good Who you gonna call? () 

Yo, how are you supposed to be captain marvel if you don’t even mention the legend Stan lee’s death?


Captain Marvel / Billy Batson:  “In my world, I fought a guy named Spider Man.   Holey moley, was he a jerk!  But the one in your world - this Peter Parker fella - looks like he and I could be friends!” 

MOVIES 2019  - Captain Marvel - An untitled avengers film - Toy Story 4 - Star Wars episode IX - Spider-man far from home - Dumbo - Godzilla - It: Chapter two - Aladdin - The lion king - Frozen 2 - Zombieland 2

and they say Feige is not "reactionary" and planned the universe carefully  Civil war, captain marvel & the eternals can't relate.

This week I'm basking in all the movie and TV nerd news and talking about    and Doug from   features  with    

Stan Lee’s last camoes might be in Captain Marvel, A4, and Spider-Man: Far From Home. I’m: so fucking sad.

“Doing the right thing is messy. You want to fight for what's right, sometimes you have to fight dirty.” - Deadpool Awesome booth  !!     monday cosplay    


ICYMI: Here's all of the Easter Eggs, hints, clues, and tidbits we caught in the new Captain Marvel trailer.   

I just know this trailer is going to be way better than the movie #CaptainMarvel https://youtu.be/1YFslZcxQXc

 is going to have A LOT of competition during it's run.  Captain Marvel and Dumbo are released in March. 

These 2 abstacts are on actual canvas so I dub then for real paintings :) The star one is a sort of tribute to the new  movie coming out :)       dad

Just saw this crop up online — the cover to issue 5 of The Life of Captain Marvel! Was so fun getting to draw Carol again    

so i combined one of my favorite captain marvel quotes with some of my favorite screenshots from the trailer and.. i’m emotional 

CAPTAIN MARVEL TRAILER OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG I AM A HUGE FAN 

ALSO! A last minute con find that I might be the most psyched for, is a book I’ve been dying to read for ages: Jim Starlin’s Death of Captain Marvel! 

So check it out, this person has blatantly stolen my Captain Marvel logo design to sell decals of it on Etsy and refuses to take it down. Etsy isn't doing anything to help. Spread this far and wide because art theft is the worst  

They have the Captain Marvel shoes at the Brazilian vans store... and I want them so so very bad!! But it’s $500 BR.

baby: “m-m-“  dad: “i think she’s trying to say mama!”  baby: “m-ma-march 8th, go see captain marvel in theaters”  mom&dad: “...”

lockscreen captain marvel  •fav if you like it •rt if you save it •screenshot if you use it   //syl 

Storm should be pushed more as their leading lady as she once was before not Captain Marvel. Carol was much more likable as Ms. Marvel. 

He will definitely shows up in captain marvel since they wrapped the film so early, people just wondering if he will appears in avengers 4 and spiderman2. But sadly Spider-Man 2 maybe the last “real cameo” he did

My work has been incredibly supportive. My schedule had been flexible leading up to this and everyone I work with has been so wonderful.  I mean, you have to feel loved when instead of flowers, your team sends you a freaking Captain Marvel purse  

I saw trailers for Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse, Captain Marvel, Aquaman, and Glass.   It’s like they were made for me.

this is like the onion headline that the onion would have wanted to write when they announced captain marvel but it's real 

I think I figured out a way to make the Black Cat getup. I’m going to make a video about it cause it’s relatively simple. Captain Marvel is too difficult to make with the time I have, not to mention I did a classic version of the character last Halloween. 

angelaodinsdottir: Captain Marvel by Alice X. Zhang Always love Alice’s work! https://tmblr.co/Zp5qcx2cXY8Ws

SUNDAY at : Meet cosplayers  as  &  as  in her Starforce Kree suit.   If you see us feel free to say hi and get a free photo with one or both of us! Tell me your favorite comic con moment!! 

LOOK AT THIS PANEL FROM  #1 STARTING THIS JANUARY! WANNA SEE THE COVERS ALREADY!  and Carmen Carnero. THIS WILL BE CAROL AT HER BEST! We’re blessed in comics and film!

 she has a new movie coming out in The   starting   as  Carol Danvers next March I'm looking forward too. So I am going to get  's run of   in TPB from  next month !!! 

Poor Ben Mendelsohn.  He's being typecast as ''generic one-off bad guy'' and it won't stop there. He will play another generic bad guy in Captain Marvel. 

I think that the general movie going audience don’t know and realize how important the Captain Marvel movie will be for Avengers 4.  For them it will just be another solo Marvel movie.

Here’s a look at the  we review in Ep 39! Listen as we talk      & !     Podbean:  Tunein:   iTunes: 

I heard someone say that Monica Rambeau wasn't everyone's favorite Captain Marvel and honestly I'm scandalized, here's an article on how great her too-brief run as Avengers leader was. Monica 4ever tbh 

From the pages of  comics straight to the Marvel Cinematic Universe.   , everyone.  HIGHER FURTHER FASTER!   

!!!! let's be mutuals!! rt or like if you stan: -bruce banner  -bucky barnes - captain marvel - thor  - doctor strange - loki  - steve rogers  - tony stark - the ENTIRE cast of black panther - peter parker - basically all of mcu characters and cast -cats

Q6 - Which “Grey’s Anatomy” star voices Captain Marvel in Marvel Rising: Secret Warriors?  #MarvelRising

Tony Stark Demise  .. New Era Of Legends Will About To Start.. Will Miss The Legend Himself  .. His Legacy Will Be Followed By Spiderman And Captain Marvel..  

Captain Marvel and her Squad successfully completed tonight’s 5k Mission, vanquishing Thanos from the Disneyland Paris Resort! Time to recharge. The 10k begins in just in a few hours!     


I'm so excited for #CaptainMarvel @brielarson is my favorite actress I can't wait it's gonna be so amazing! #Marvel

How would you describe Captain Marvel? — Frustrated cat lady. https://curiouscat.me/refan227/post/659743798?1537834256 …

Getting pumped for CAPTAIN MARVEL but even more for her to become the new "Captain" of the Avengers!! Wooot. 


Captain Marvel's co-creator C.C. Beck never seemed to understand what the problem was and he continued to draw black characters in the same offensive manner for the rest of his career. Steamboat was even included as a character in Captain Marvel's DC revival in Shazam #1.

Brie Larson And Clark Gregg Suit-Up For The Highly Anticipated 'Captain Marvel' The actors were shooting some scenes for the film   @captainmarvelofficial     GO TO   FOR MORE  

Do you ever have a stranger totally make your day? This morning at the ol'  of the empire, a sweet lady behind me took notice of my Captain Marvel bag. Actually the 2nd compliment… https://www.instagram.com/p/BouquSoBmki/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=10qj2a4rra2f7 …

My favorite Marvel character portrayed by my favorite actress. Do you know how f***ing happy i am? #CaptainMarvel

CAPTAIN MARVEL Stars Brie Larson And Clark Gregg Return To Set As Reshoots Get Underway: Reshoots are now underway on Captain Marvel, and several cast members have reassembled on the LA set. See Brie Larson back in her green Kree costume alongside Clark... http://dlvr.it/QrjSYq

They should recast Jay Gruden as #CaptainMarvel. If he can stop Jordan Reed from catching a pass in an NFL game, I know he can defeat Thanos.


But captain marvel is coming to kill thanos?  And is the strongest character in the MCU?  Lemme stop,y’all just like to complain without information 

Daughter of , formerly  and .  10 Things about Phyla-Vell (Explained in a Minute) | COMIC BOOK UNIVERSITY   via      

me walking into the cinema to watch captain marvel knowing full well that the end credit scene will determine my psychological well-being for the next few months 

#CaptainMarvel AKA Brie Larson is dominating the scene. Read more on #IssuuStories http://bit.ly/2OpBv0z

This Video Really Breaks My Heart Going to Miss You Legend Stan Lee   May Your Soul Rest In Peace   Hope You have done Cameos in   and   because that satisfy me a bit 


Captain Marvel Is Different and Exciting Says Feige https://cosmicbook.news/captain-marvel-different-exciting-feige … #captainmarvel

Join us for this week's AU Radio Comics Corner! Justice League, Aquaman, Batman, Nightwing, Lucifer, Cover, Life of Captain Marvel, Exorsisters, Archie 1941, Captain Ginger, Gideon Falls, Bloodbourne, Animus, & more!  

Just watched the leaked #DarkPhoenix trailer and I honestly found it more exciting than Captain Marvel

First site to break Eternals:  First site to say Spider-Man's FFH suit is black and red:  The date for the Captain Marvel trailer (and then Disney asked me to take the story down): 

 One of the most beautiful memes I saw on "Captain Marvel"..I wish you a good day, you're fantastic Brie. 

Yes, Disney may have catastrophically fucked Star Wars up to the point of destroying the franchise because Rey is a Mary Sue written and acted with the emotional range of a block of wood, but of course @MarvelStudios would never do SOMETHING THAT STUPID, right?  #CaptainMarvel

I hope a major part of the 90s-set Captain Marvel involves Nick Fury and Carol Danvers getting hooked on  The Vampire Slayer, explaining why he instinctively beeps her when the apocalypse comes in Avengers: Infinity War

this is just a reminder that captain marvel is coming and is ready to make her entrance into the mcu 

Vote for my costume in UK’s staff costume contest! Visit this link and “like” the photo to cast your vote. Voting ends tomorrow (Friday) at noon!    cosplay  

It's ironic that in this image Carol looks like Dark Phoenix while Diana looks absolutely NOTHING like Captain Marvel. 

Four years ago, Marvel Studios announced . The first ten years started with Iron Man. The next ten years will begin with Carol Danvers (and Black Panther). 

Its funny that the SUN SENTINEL would be so naive about Wasserman Schultz. It's time they interviewed Greg Palast on how the DNC became so biased and willing to disallow voters during the primaries that they make Putin look like Captain Marvel. @jimmy_dore @Lauren_Steiner

According to Marvel Studios' Japanese site,  will officially be set in 1995   (via u/doinkies | reddit) 

2019 - The year of   MOVIE, COMIC BOOK, GAMES, ACTION FIGURES, ANIMATIONS, COLLECTIBLES AND ALL TYPES OF MERCH. YES, WE DESERVE IT !!  Monday

captain marvel #9 [2012] — (basically why carol has tony saved in her phone as: “It’s-Just-Tony-Don’t-Pick-Up”) 

Q2 - WHO was head of NASA security when she was exposed to a powerful alien device, which transformed her into the mighty cosmic powered hero, Captain Marvel? #MarvelRising @MarvelRisingSW

Captain Marvel update! Trim and paneling takes a while. Math helps. Thanks school! . _____    cosplay   cosplay cosplayer  Using   

i’m already imagining the end credits of Captain Marvel or Avengers 4. It’s gonna say—“In loving memory of Stan Lee.” And I’m gonna have a fricken breakdown.

 TRAILER | PICTURES SURFACE OF NEW  – The Weekly Roast & Toast LIVE @ 9:30 PM CST  It’s Trailer Tuesday! You toasties may have been waiting fairly impatiently to see something from Captain Marvel and now we have a trailer! 


Captain Marvel is one of Marvel Comics’ most important new heroes, even though she's been around for decades — here's how Carol Danvers has changed since 1968 

No matter how many times I watch @Avengers #InfinityWar, I still can’t believe the price Thanos was willing to pay for the Soul Stone. Like seriously: fuck that guy. I hope @captainmarvel makes him eat shit, then shit out that shit, then eat that same shit. Repeat to infinity.


2019 HIGHLIGHTS:  Toy Story 4 How To Train Your Dragon: Hidden World Captain Marvel Avengers 4 Spiderman: Far From Home Alladin Dumbo LANY Malibu Nights Tour

MCU CosmicCast Episode 24: The Eternals is Happening and the Captain Marvel Trailer Arrives!: http://youtu.be/nKhPOaWL6TE?a  via @YouTube

Marvel's Agents Of S.H.I.E.L.D. - Season 2  DVD {https://www.awin1.com/cread.php?awinmid=2549&awinaffid=229659&clickref=&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.zavvi.com%2Fdvd%2Fmarvel-s-agents-of-s.h.i.e.l.d.-season-2%2F11162837.html …}  #Marvel #marveluk #marvelcomics #AgentsofSHIELD #zavvi #dvd #marvelstudios #marvelweek #londonislovinit #london #CaptainMarvel

My thoughts on the Avengers 4 costumes:  1) Where are War Machine and Captain Marvel?  2) Iron Man looks the best out of all of them.  3) Yeah, we’re DEFINITELY going to the Quantum Realm! 

Now THIS is awesome.  is NOT here for your shit. Way to go Captain.  https://www.vice.com/en_us/article/gynvnw/brie-larson-was-told-to-smile-so-she-put-smiles-onto-marvel-dudes?utm_source=dmfb …

Finally watched the Captain Marvel trailer. Still don't like Carol Danvers and I'm still not all that interested in the movie. But seeing her fly in formation with Starforce through the cosmos wearing a Kree uniform was really cool.

Just watched #AntManAndTheWasp was SOOOO GOOOD! so much even better then first antman movie loved it a lot! Can't wait for avengers 4 and omg captain marvel !

In JSA #57 Captain Marvel recommended that Hawkman should be chairman of the JSA, because he believed Hawkman would be the best source of leadership against Black Adam.  I loved this moment. 

Send your thoughts to capesandlunatics@gmail.com before the 2nd episode of our monthly miniseries “Who is ”? This time . and . discuss the career of the  !

con lo que tardé haciéndome las uñas estilo captain marvel voy a andar revoleando mis manos pARA QUE LAS VEAN PORQUE NO FUE AL DOPE 

I still don't see how Shazam/Captain Marvel is a Superman rip-off. He's nothing like Superman other than he has super strength and can fly.


MCU stans: how can you judge Captain Marvel after only watching ONE trailer???? Wait  for  the  movie!!!!! Also MCU stans: the Dark Phoenix trailer??? Absolute shit, I gotta bleach my fucking eyes now!!!! Throw the whole movie away

I would kill for this guy’s job. Here let me give it a try *cracks knuckles* The Provocative Sameness Of Captain Marvel’s Trailer makes its depiction of feminine heroism as matter of fact and yet triumphant as Asta Nielsen in Hamlet, Diane Keaton in The Godfather or Working Girl

You know who I’d love to see surface sometime with all of the Captain Marvel hype in the comics? Ultragirl AKA Tsu-Zanna. What do you say, ? Blonde Kree mutants FTW.

Howdy to all of my new followers! It's great to meet Y'all & I'm glad you liked what I had to say in the trailer reactions!  Thanks to the Hyperest of Heroes, , , and  for having me guest on your  Trailer Reaction!  

From our first glimpse of Brie Larson's #CaptainMarvel to a final goodbye to Anthony Bourdain — check out of the top trailers of the week https://rol.st/2xw5ZEo

Not quite a poem, but poetic: I keep 's Captain Marvel/Helen Cobb monologue on hand at pretty much all times. "the Lord put us here to punch holes in the sky" 

Disney Cruise Line Adding Captain Marvel to Sailings | Mega Resort and Cruise Vacations this is definitely going to be  time and will sell out currently. Get with us if you're interested 

so many good shits will happen in 2019???  1. GoT last season 2. AVENGER 4!!!! 3. spiderman: far from home 4. john wick 3 5. IT ch. 2 6. TOY STORY 4!!!!! 7. how to train your dragon 3 8. captain marvel 9. once upon a time in hollywood (LEONARDO DICAPRIO + QUENTIN TARANTINO!!!!!)

We think we've figured out how Captain Marvel will include one of Carol's other superhero identities: Warbird.  

I just read The Life of #CaptainMarvel & wow. It is so emotional  PLEASE PICK IT UP!!!! It is a must read. Thanks to @mstohl for another incredible issue.

Just a reminder: Big Dick Energy: AirForce Colonel, Carol Danvers; enters the MCU on March 8th 2019. 116 Days left.       


Carol Danvers  By @danielledenicola      er  Carol Susan Jane Danvers is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. Created by writer Roy Thomas and artist Gene Co…  


Stan Lee will likely have cameos in Spiderverse, Captain Marvel, and Avengers 4 with possible cameos in Spider-man: Far From Home and Dark Phoenix, but, sure man, tell this lie for the RTs. 

trabalhar pra ano que vem ir assistir avengers4, captain marvel, alladin, toy story4, dumbo, spider man far from home 

Captain Marvel is one of the most powerful heroes in the comics, and her entrance into the Marvel Cinematic Universe is HUGE, as it signals a significant shift in the entire narrative.  

that’s exactly what all the hints have said and I’m cherishing the og avengers were going to have captain marvel for at least 6 more films or smth lay off

As the week closes, I raise a glass to the brilliant lives of  & . Thank you for Spiderman, Robert Redford as Butch Cassidy & Bob Woodward, X-men, the Princess Bride, Captain Marvel: for the universe as I know it.   via 

Captain Marvel Will Join The Avengers for Marvel Summer of Heroes in 2019  Download DSNY Newscast for iPhone - http://apple.co/1Kem7vc https://ift.tt/2CMPjfn

I'd like to know as well. With all the turmoil around GotG and most of the publicity on pause until Captain Marvel starts spinning up, we're kinda in the dark.

I am so excited and so happy with the news of a potent upcoming solo  series  I hope we get some confirmation from marvel on it After Captain Marvel comes out  Or from  or Elisabeth at Comic Con  Marvel still hasn’t denied the story or made any statements

Kevin Feige has said audiences can expect a “very different type of origin story” from ‘CAPTAIN MARVEL’. (Source: )

“stay til the end of the credits, Freddie is gonna page captain marvel” - my brother at the end of #BohemianRhapsody

The fact yall listed the life of pets 2 and not what’s gonna no doubt be the biggest movie of our lifetime Avengers 4 , or Captain Marvel... 

[ ]  Welcome to the Avengers.  - Real Name: Carol S Danvers - Code name: Captain Marvel - Airforce Commander & Proud Avenger. 

||Captain Marvel from Avengers: Earth's Mightiest Heroes and Captain Marvel from Ultimate Comics side by side. See? EMH CM is based on the Ultimate version. The costume, the name's of Phillip Lawson and Mahr Vehl, etc. All the same.|| 

Uh. Great? Imma be teaming up with Captain Marvel. Soooo fuck everyone else.  and I got this. (Been rereading the comics in prep for the movie) 

A cinema ad for "Adventures of Captain Marvel" in Flemish. Note that the film serial title is simply "Capitain Marvel"  From De Gazet Van Aalst, May 12, 1949, Aalst, Belgium      

Captain Marvel ( Still in Production) Carol Danvers becomes one of the universe's most powerful heroes when Earth is caught in the middle of a galactic war between two alien races. 

the request to recreate the classic captain america punching hitler in the face comic cover was not well received. another captain marvel find a trump and do this for me please 

Post A4 and Captain Marvel being fully integrated into earths culture marvel should work as hard as possible to develop a Ms Marvel series for the Disney app. It’s just a smart decision 

Surely I'm not the only one who instantly thought of that Austin Powers bit when  punched that old lady on the bus? 

Here's a brief look at the process of coloring 's lovely  variant cover for Amazing Spiderman #16, solicited today. Hope you enjoy! =) 

Consider me outrageously offended if you don't have me on your podcast/YouTube/blog when you talk about anything Captain Marvel related.

I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/IVKe5-QDZPU?a  Captain Marvel Trailer (Unfinished) (Garry's Mod) (Test)

|Remember that time Mar-Vell's son Genis fought the Sentry and (technically) won? Genis is easily the most powerful Captain Marvel and all the others are pretty damn tough, to begin with.| 

Honestly... R.I.P to an Industry Titan. Your cameos were fucking golden. Thank to the real Captain Marvel  

Captain Marvel # 4 ....I’ve been talking about this book from the beginning  has done an amazing job!!! This book has had more heart and soul in it than anything on the stands out now. It’s a shame more people haven’t been championing this book. This is the real deal.

When we go to see Captain Marvel, he'll be there.   But before the credits roll, we'll see it:   "In Memory of Stan Lee: 1922-2018. Excelsior!"  I'll try not to cry.

1) Spider-Man is a goofy kid, and all he wants is to be an Avenger (this misconception is generally new)  2) Captain Marvel/Shazam is a man-child who’s irresponsible with his powers  3) Superman is boring and a goody-two-shoes  4) Aquaman talks to fish 


Rescue, Captain Marvel, The Wasp, Black Widow, Gamora, Scarlett Witch, Shuri, Ghost, Nebula, Mantis. ¿# Avengers 4 con paridad de género? 

SOMEONE GIVE TONY'S COMICS TO @ @mstohl WRITE PLEASE  I barely begin The Life of Captain Marvel and I already know that she would write a great Tony run  please

I wanna make a smallish gc where we’re all friends and thirst over the mcu cast together aNd support captain marvel ofc like or rt to join 

those men look like the ones who did the captain marvel video demanding the trailer and honestly it’s fitting they will be the ones to defeat thanos 

MARVEL Comics CAPTAIN MARVEL #1 NM Signed ARTGERM AVENGERS THANOS INFINITY WAR  https://ebay.us/PNzTou  via @eBay #CAPTAINMARVEL #ARTGERM #SIGNED #THANOS #COSMIC #AVENGERS #MOVIE #INFINITYWAR #IRONMAN #CAPTAINAMERICA #HULK #EBAY #AUCTION #COMICS #COMICBOOKS #MARVELCOMICS

I remain weirdly fascinated, bordering on obsession, (I can admit when I’m being weird) into the marketing and advance promotion of Captain Marvel. Mostly because Marvel and Disney usually know how to do this part really, really well... and so far CM’s build is just... weird. /1 

The marvellous American actress , CAPTAIN MARVEL fame, celebrates her birthday today. Wishing her a fun-filled year ahead.           net  com

It only took 5 viewings of the trailer but now I can confirm @BP_Parker25 ‘s theory that Captain Marvel was shot in our backyard and now I’m angry I didn’t go say hi when they were shooting

How is Captain Marvel going to help in the next Avengers movie when half of the Avengers were turned into dust? Thanos still has the gauntlet with all the stones and no one knows where he went

Tune in to episode 10 of Everything But Nothing with me,  and  - the "I'm not dead" episode.   We talk Kavanaugh, that murderous cop, Ted Cruz, midterms and Captain Marvel https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/everything-but-nothing/id1406893962?mt=2#episodeGuid=tag%3Asoundcloud%2C2010%3Atracks%2F504519486 …

Indeed!! I saw America Chavez in motion in Marvel Rising and she is a damn powerhouse like Captain Marvel!! I want to see her sooner rather than later in Live  Action!


apparently some theaters showed the captain marvel trailer before venom and the theater i went to didn’t do that i feel robbed

Thought I show this before I start inking. Captain Marvel. Let's see where this goes next. .   .    … https://www.instagram.com/p/Boe3bnsngWc/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=1un8wrjfgl55f …

Lets hear them I am curious and why is there no infinity war trailer we really have to wait until #CaptainMarvel

Bro! Freaking bro.. Carol Danvers man. I can’t wait for her to take my entire existence.  Ps this scene is what I’m most excited about  

There's no such thing as a natural born hero! Watch Carol Danvers' journey to becoming a hero! Catch a look at the teaser poster for Marvel Studios’ "Captain Marvel", in theaters March 8, 2019! 

#CAPTAINMARVEL  Okay, first of all, my cousin asked to use my cellphone. The son of a ***** entered my Twitter account and offended @brielarson (And i'm sorry for that)

Dunno that I shared this shot outside of IG so here it is. Love the contrast. Really enjoyed this set, just something about capes      - 

Comic Talk Today is BACK and I catch up on some comic-related topics including my thoughts on the Captain Marvel trailer, why you may be wrong about the Joaquin Phoenix Joker film, and of course, the Batman: Damned controversy with Lil' Wayne (drum roll) 


I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/RlXGUCBXKJw?a  Drawing Captain Marvel (Brie Larson) - Timelapse | Artology

RT/follow if you stan: •MCU •GOTG and cast except Dave •Captain Marvel •AMATW and cast •Chris Pratt/Peter Quill •Brie Larson/Carol Danvers •Chris Hemsworth/Thor •Evangeline Lilly/Hope Van Dyne •Paul Rudd/Scott Lang •SW •SW sequels cast •DW •Jodie Whittaker

can’t wait to watch captain marvel and figure out who turned out to be a skrull and took nick fury’s eye 

2019 may be the best comic book movie year ever. Avengers 4, Captain Marvel, Spider-Man Far From Home, Star Wars Episode 9, Clone Wars revival, and all these new series in one year 

Is it bad that after watching the trailer for #CaptainMarvel I immediately went from @brielarson is so sweet and cute to oh my god, she rocks!!! Couldn't have got a better person to play Captain Marvel!!!!!!!

My most anticipated film of 2019 is either “Untitled Ari Aster Movie,” UNCUT GEMS or CAPTAIN MARVEL.

I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/6rY4sRGCIBk?a  STOP BITCHING OVER THE CAPTAIN MARVEL TRAILER!!!

Hard at work (but sooooo early!)       @ The High Line https://www.instagram.com/p/Bom8a_vFC7C/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=60areiabqjhe …

captain marvel arriving to help the avengers: i’m carol danvers, you can just call me captain  steve: 

Top 10 marvel characters who I want to see team up with spider man 10:Thor 9:Ant man 8:Rocket raccoon 7:Shuri 6:War machine 5:Venom 4:Daredevil 3:Scarlet witch 2:Nick fury 1:Black panther Honorable mentions Gamora Captain marvel Black widow Okoye Wasp Hawkeye Groot

What did you think of the new  trailer? I thought it looked like another solid outing for Marvel. Not blown away by the first trailer but seems like it will be decent. MCU seems to have the formula down. 

Prohibido rotundamente si alguien se atreve a criticarme el día que vea los dos Cameos de Stan Lee en  y   

 Thank you for...Captain America,Spiderman,BlackPanther,THOR,The Flash,Ironman,Fantastic 4,The Hulk,Vision,Thanos,Deadpool,Ant-Man,Gaurdians of the Galaxy,Wolverine,Luke Gage,Captain Marvel,Jessica Jones,All of the X-Men,Dr.Strange etc.  

6 hours later...I have a shirt.  Captain Marvel undershirt is done now to all the crazy detailing that’s going over top of it. So yup, you will barely see it.  . All good. Happy to movvvvvve on.  And yes, the sewing, fitting, tailoring, and trimmi…  

I can't believe we live in the timeline where captain marvel and captain marvel are both releasing within a month of each other but one is called shazam

Oof this thread. I didn't know there was a whole thing about Captain Marvel looking bland but OF COURSE THERE IS. 

Carol Danvers  By       er  Carol Susan Jane Danvers is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. Created by writer Roy Thomas and artist …  

Props to our friend  for recognizing Stan Lee!  loves the MCU and we have group movie outings planned for Captain Marvel and Avengers 4!! 

I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/jxcLQBuekgM?a  The Truth About Why Captain Marvel FAILS As A Character.

Can you imagine casually Trick or Treating and Captain Marvel just happens to be at the house you stop at? Oh yeah and you’re low key dressed as her. 

WE CAN'T WAIT FOR THIS! We miss seeing Carol and Jess team up together, it's been far too long. And the art is STUNNING. This is going to be so good you guys.  

Fun stuff. Great presenters.  @captainmarvel @Marvel #BronChar Explained - MCU Kree Starforce https://youtu.be/5U2e6Qbcw4U   via @YouTube

There's 19 in that time window as of Captain Marvel. This isn't a value judgment, it's just an astounding statistic.

Hey guys! We're going to switch some things up and start stream at 8 PM EST tonight! We have something new for you guys called, The Talk Show. Come hang as we talk about the new Captain Marvel trailer, the Playstation Classic, and much more! http://www.twitch.tv/thatsrubyrod

Not going to lie, I half expected Phil Coulson to rock up to the  party like....   they did a dope job!

Just in time for the Shazam movie, a new printing of   version of Captain Marvel! Available in February from DC Comics. 

MY CAPTAIN MARVEL POSTER IS HERE AND ITS LITERALLY THE SIZE OF MY BED IMFNJDJFJ thanks didnt know i ordered a Blanket 

[ 616 | MCU]  "Of higher, further, faster… more. Always more (...) Over the years, I’ve come to think of these particular traits as the shared attributes of a chosen people… the Lord put us here to punch holes in the sky." - Captain marvel #1 

I wish we had an alternative Justice League with this lineup: Wally West Flash Black Canary Oracle Power Girl Kyle Rayner/Jessica Cruz Zatanna Mera  Captain Marvel Vixen

Brie Larson had a perfect clapback to the trolls saying she needs to smile more in Captain Marvel   


ICYMI: Brie Larson's 'Captain Marvel' movie trailer spawns 'smile more' outrage http://ctv.news/C16EJkg  #selfiesforbrie

It’s Monday! That means a new episode AND it’s our ONE YEAR anniversary! This week we review ⁦@howloscream⁩ and talk trailers, including #MaryPoppinsReturns, #TheGrinch, #CaptainMarvel and MORE! https://thrillgeek.simplecast.fm/episode45

48th episode is up and it's the Moshi Moshi Podcast Desu Tournament of Heroes: Marvel edition!! 8 superheroes, but only 1 can win. Listen and find out who reigns supreme          

Hey fellow Americans: no matter what your opinion of the state of things is, be sure to get out and  today! A great thing about our country is democracy & freedom of speech. so ! In case you weren't already convinced, have a .   


“Next fall” in 2019 we will have captain marvel, avengers 4, spiderman far from home and A LOKI SHOW? 2019 IS THE YEAR OF MCU IM SO HYPED IM CRYING 

[SPOILER] Stark y Lang se encuentran en una NY totalmente destruida. La pantalla comienza a parpadear mostrando varias escenas:  con sus puños y ojos brillando  A  y la pequeña  discutiendo  A  y  luchando JUNTOS contra los  

Icon & Captain Marvel’s costumes were done right on first attempts it’s rare for this to happen to superheroes.   Look at these costumes, they don’t need updating/tweaking at all they’re perfect for each respective hero. 

Little off topic but how is Sinema doing? We’re looking for MoviePass replacements. Probably keep it through the #oscarrun then go to AMC A List for Captain Marvel and Avengers 4


Disney has: Dumbo Aladdin The Lion King Mulan Toy Story 4 Star Wars Ep IX Captain Marvel Avengers 4 Maleficent 2 Spider-Man: Far From Home 

A take you'll hear on @marvelnewsdesk this week.   Nick Fury waited for Captain Marvel until he was in a desperate situation.  What was the Battle of NY?  How does he know 10 seconds into the snap its worse than Ultron, Chitauri, or Project Insight?


sick of idiots editing captain marvel for clout and then pulling their sexist "sorry carol but i prefer [fart noise] instead" plot twists out of their asses

[Películas de Marvel y DC: cuenta regresiva]  Aquaman: 55 días Captain Marvel: 132 días  Shazam: 160 días  Avengers 4: 188 días X-Men: Dark Phoenix: 223 días  Spider-Man: Far From Home: 251 días The New Mutants: 279 días

The case could be made that Captain Marvel does care about her because he actually cares about Sivana, his greatest enemy, at least enough to save Thaddeus from imminent danger on occasion, so he cares for just about everyone.

This guy broke the news for Captain Marvel’s trailer release, Black Widow, and most of other news that has been proven true over the past few years.  If this is true, then kill me right now. 

Watched a bunch of reaction vids of the trailer. Seeing people recognizing and cheering for young Coulson makes me so happy and emotional.   

[ATTENTION] hello, please help a desperate girl out pt 4732  im selling these lovely books + 2 comic books (X-MEN: Days of Future Past and CAPTAIN MARVEL). please share this to your friends who love books and comics as much as i do. DM me for the prices! :D 

happy birthday to this absolute icon!! brie larson you are one fantastic human being! you are a role model not only to young girls and boys but to adults as well! keep doin you and spreading positivity!! nothing but respect for MY captain marvel 

“Hi. Captain Marvel of Earth, The Avengers, and The Galactic Alliance.”   > New Carol Danvers.  > Not new to RP.   > Literate.   > Crossover friendly.   > DMs for plotting.   > 18+.   > RT please? 

"Captain" Marvel is supposedly the RDJ of phase 4.  So .... yeah, after Avengers 4 is probably time to jump ship 

G'night #MARVEL lovers,today feels like a real kick in the stomach... But thanks to #TheRealStanLee tomorrow and everyday could be #EPIC ! #Captainmarvel #Avengers #GuardiansOfTheGalaxy #BlackPanther need i go on !! #Excélsior #riptherealstanlee #forinfinity

CAPTAIN MARVEL International TV Spot Trailer (2019) Brie Larson Marvel Movie: http://youtu.be/x23AAjrWxZ8?a  via @YouTube

I;m actually getting 2 pieces done. The first is a small NC/Captain Marvel mash up. The big piece is a full upper arm water colour Hubble style galaxy

I showed him the new #captainmarvel trailer, and my dad said, “Oh, cool. It’s a girl! I thought it would be another guy.” That’s the spirit, Dad.

So i was at the captain marvel premiere and my bladder was full right ? So i went to go use the big boys room, and this is how the bathroom looked like... shame on you   

I will miss all Stan Lee's cameo roles jud in every Marvel Movie  Maybe his last appearance would be in Captain Marvel Thank you for making my superheroes

IT: CHAPTER TWO AVENGERS INFINITY WAR PT. 2 XMEN: DARK PHOENIX  FIVE FEET APART Captain Marvel Spiderman: Far From Home Pet Sematary Zombieland 2 Godzilla: King of Monsters Star Wars: Episode 9  BRUHHHH 2019 IS FULL OF WONDERS 

Guessing Black Panther 2 which is a no brainer.  They are finally going to do a Black Widow film. Guessing Thor 4. Heard nothing on a Doctor Strange 2 though.  I think the success or lack of success of Captain Marvel will determine the future direction of the MCU.

I bought this before I found out my br//anch was closing lol but captain marvel jacket came in!!! It’s so nice and warm???? I’m living 

why do people hate brie larson as captain marvel like y'all haven't even seen the movie yet and y'all over here judging bc she is apparently "a bad actress" and "not meant for the role" get a life

I think @79SemiFinalist on Captain Marvel and @TomTaylorMade on Spider-Man are two great examples of stuff I didn't know I needed until it was mentioned Beyond excited for both books to start

Yall so i was at the captain marvel premiere and i just wanted to order a subway sandwich to go along with my popcorn inside the theaters, and well ill let you watch the video ans see how this CM shill treated me 

 Schedule :  MAR 8, 2019  Captain Marvel. MAY 3, 2019 Avengers 4. JUL 5, 2019 Spider-Man: FFH.  MAY 1, 2020* JUL 31, 2020* NOV 6, 2020*  FEB 12, 2021 MAY 7, 2021 NOV 5, 2021  FEB 18, 2022 MAY 6, 2022 JUL 29, 2022  *Likely Black Widow, Doctor Strange 2 & The Eternals (INPO). 


me: uuuggghhhh i don’t wanna grocery shop spending like $70 a week on food is so expensive   also me: should i buy this $250 captain marvel costume

Lee Pace explains  how he was doing 'Angels in America' on Broadway & shooting Captain Marvel at the same time.   "It was the craziest thing to juggle, doing both of these at the same time..."  But "it was a good time". :)    

 Forget Avengers Four,Forget Shazam Forget even Captain Marvel !! This is my most anticipated movie of 2019 !! 

maybe them giving us captain marvel was their way of saying “yeah we’re gonna have a final death in a4, but here, here’s captain marvel!”

hey y'all so i really want new friends/mutals so please rt if you stan: ♡rdj/tony stark ♡tom hiddleston/loki ♡tom holland ♡chris hemsworth ♡doctor strange ♡captain marvel ♡basically all mcu characters hehe i follow back!! (no th*rkis or st*rkers pls) 

So the same people who are saying that Superman shouldn’t smile are the ones campaigning for Captain Marvel to smile? A character in a franchise they hate? 

i found a pair of 28 x 30 jeans from american eagle. i want to paint them with the captain marvel logo on the back. would anyone be interested in them if i did it?

#BattlePoll #SHPOLL18 #Marvel #DCComics   FIGHT   #Hulk Vs #TheFlash  Vs #CaptainMarvel (C.D.) Vs #Bane   Who will win?

Well most superheroes haven’t had so many relaunches within such a short time span. I mean she only became Captain Marvel 6 years ago and has had more relaunches than Spider-Man, a 65+ character.

If the Captain Marvel series don’t end up with Rogue taking her powers and having her own movie or an MCU x-men then imma pass

movies i'm excited for -shazam -joker -ww84 -aquaman -avengers 4 -spider-man far from home -bumblebee -into the spider-verse -the lego movie 2: the second part -captain marvel -toy story 4 -star wars episode ix

|| 132 dni do Captain Marvel 190 dni do Avengers 4 225 dni do X-Men: Dark Phoenix 253 dni do Spider-Man: Far From Home

So now there are people who are calling critics of the new  Trailer sexist...it is because of stupidity like this that our world continues to become more divided      Rising

I really wanna see an interaction like this in Avengers 5 or something. It would be cool to have the new team consist of Spider-Man, Scarlet Witch, Falcon, War Machine, whichever Avengers survive, and Captain Marvel. 

The lawsuit between DC and Fawcett Publications over Captain Marvel was ridiculous. DC only sued Fawcett because Captain Marvel was outselling Superman. That's it.

 BATTLES!  Battles  Prep Time: None!  Setting:  Who Would Win between   SHAZAM  THE JUGGERNAUT?! Take our poll! Follow  also on Instagram!   

Just waiting on my NIN shirt and then I am all set to cosplay  as  /  at  this Sunday! Who else will I see there?  

life of captain marvel #4 went above and beyond my expectations. such rich storytelling and backstory where everything fell into place. and that particular page of new born carol just warmed my heart. I'm loving this so, so much, too bad there's only one left. thanks, @mstohl

Empire UK - November  ︽✵︽  https://b-larson.net/photos/thumbnails.php?album=1069 …pic.twitter.com/TctffQ77u4

‌ Shazam! interviews: the star and director talk DC's newest superhero via /r/captainmarvel https://ift.tt/2QpmfOI

Lihat nih bagaimana kemampuan Captain Marvel dan perannya dalam kelanjutan Avenger.   https://paragram.id/berita/trailer-film-captain-marvel-akankah-menjadi-penyelamat-avengers-2735 …

we got the captain marvel poster up at work now and my friend said 'thats what you would look like as a superhero' and fellas , i might cry

When your  dearest friend gives you, pretty much the bestest bday gift! Now I can do my birthday make up in style! Thanks    

Captain Marvel takes England into finals with this goal: Nations League Football England v Croatia Nov 18th gallery  

Movies: - Avengers 4 (Action) - Toy Story 4 (Comedy) - Shazam (Action/Comedy) - Captain Marvel (Adventure) - Dumbo (Live Action) - HtoTYD: The Hidden World (Action) - The Lion King (Live Action) - JOHN WICK 3!!!??!!?!!WHAT (Action)

I also ironed one on my $150 Levi jacket. Permanent Danvers on that beast! I rock the hat, jacket, Captain Marvel Vans, Captain Marvel lanyard, Captain Marvel shirts... Kind of a Carol geek.

can the mental illness hair cut stop, captain marvel joins the mental illness hair cut club. a sigh of Don't read me. 

Already voted, even wore my Captain Marvel jacket (I take that jacket with me, most of the time, these days).

a concept: loki and captain marvel going up against each other first, but then teaming up when they realise they have a common enemy 

Solicits just dropped & January is a VERY big month for me, kids. Lots of books coming out. First up...  #1. It all starts here! Art & colors by  &  Covers by   Variants:   

MARVEL: we're retconning the fuck outta Captain Marvel amd inadvertently spoiling the movie DC: yeah well we gave Dick Grayson brain damage so we could stop calling him Dick

Durante los años 40 y 50 existió un Captain Marvel en Fawcett Comic, pero Stan Lee, junto al artista Gene Colan, creó su propio Capitán Marvel, que se estrenó en Marvel Super-Heroes #12 (1967) y que obtuvo su serie, Captain Marvel, en 1968, guionizada por Roy Thomas y otros. 

This week we talk about  go over  and why I loved it and finally. Comparing Villains! Batman VS the flash? Who will win! Ep. 101: Condiment...King....


Tales From The Blog→  Key Carol Danvers & Captain Marvel Comics to Collect https://wp.me/p8wDwr-9RZ?utm_source=ReviveOldPost&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=ReviveOldPost …


Later…  "The House of Exorcism" (1975) at 10:35 PM EDT  "The Mountain of the Cannibal God" (1978) AKA "Slave of the Cannibal God" at 12:10 AM EDT  Plus a Daffy Duck cartoon and an episode of the classic Captain Marvel serial!

Yes our very own Captain Marvel Jamie Hatfield has just completed his 100th appearance for The Borough.  Congratulations to Jamie.  Both scorers today Craig & Jamie have a combined total of 225 appearances.  There will be a presentation for both players at our next home match. 

Stan Lee gave the green light for Scarlet Spider relocating to Houston AND Kamala Khan as Captain Marvel. Forever grateful that man.


No solo team-up where it's just those two as far as I'm aware, but they've have teamed up before, such as in Justice League of America #137.  In fact, we learn in that one, that Johnny Thunder has the ability to transform Billy Batson into Captain Marvel.

Captain Marvel's Brie Larson dressed up as Samus Aran for Halloween and would love to be in a Metroid movie. We're on board. 

when Fury said “last time I trusted someone I lost an eye” maybe he was talking about Captain Marvel and she took his eye out when she was a skrull

Happy 29th Birthday   When ever I feel low..I watch your smile  & it reflects on my face  Lots of for the Angle   

Once Jude Law crops up in Captain Marvel, by my count the MCU contains two Sherlock Holmeses and four Doctor Watsons.

Easy. Because Kevin Feige didn’t have her character in mind. But when WW was announced the character start being around his thoughts but he needed to see if WW was a success. And it was. So now Kevin Feige needs to say that he always had her in mind blablabla...   

I don't get why some people think they won't release an avengers 4 trailer just because Captain Marvel isn't out yet. Black Panther came out in February but they released the first IW trailer in November.

For DaisyScout’s first Halloween, we pulled out the  costume that  made for BabyScout’s first Halloween! I wonder if  would appreciate it?

I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/VL9yPvteqhI?a  WHAT IF CAPTAIN MARVEL WAS IN AVENGERS: INFINITY WAR Reaction

Speaking of , you’re all hyped for  from Studios right? Well how about  first appearance as ?! (Probably end up selling this closer to the movie)


Captain Marvel has three specialty punches.  The first is the Atomic Punch, his mightiest.  Second is the Sunday Holiday Punch, so named when he wants to send baddies on a holiday.  The last is the Airplane Punch, for when he wants to send them flying. 

As someone who knows absolutely nothing about Captain Marvel, the trailer for the movie seemed as “generic super hero” as possible

[wedding day]  sharon: isn’t this just the best day of your life   maria, thinking about the first time she met captain marvel: uh yeah, it’s definitely up there

thinking about how captain america and captain marvel probably first met on the set of scott pilgrim


from a sketch i did four years ago to the final piece that took me a while to finalise i feel like i've not done too bad   

TGIF!  WTFriday goes live in 10 minutes! Today’s topics w/ :  ’s Joker look   trailer reactions  the  Damned comic and youknowwhat... (google it) & more!   Join us:  

Episode 227: Captain Marvel, The Joker, Batman, Rise of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and more: http://youtu.be/06spVYuUJXg?a  via

Captain Marvel Trailer & More | The Comic Multiverse Ep.116: http://youtu.be/jYzCF5UWPJs?a  via @YouTube

Captain Marvel On Set Interview With Brie Larson & Samuel L. Jackson ! https://youtu.be/O5gJowbgUH8  via @YouTube

The newly-released CAPTAIN MARVEL prelude comic reveals that Nick Fury considers contacting the hero only as a "last resort."   

hot take: kate mckinnon as helen cobb for a captain marvel mini-series that goes through all of kelly sue’s vol.1 

Congratulations to our captain marvel, @Tom_Maddog on his engagement to Kim.  You are an absolutely amazing couple and we wish you all the best for the future!!    #rememberasummerweddingisbest

"" is back ft. the crew's  to 's  movie trailer! A  original  ( ) youtube … https://www.instagram.com/p/Bofdv9YhY_Z/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=1s8f9virfjt9j …

god i just remembered jessica is gonna be a 16 year old spy in Spidey and we're never gonna get her and carol being girlfriends in the Captain Marvel movies 

It's rough being a Captain Marvel fan. It's always one step forward two steps back with her. They finally get Carol away from government stooge stories only to do that lame origin revelation.

My 2019: Captain Marvel Avengers 4 Narcos S4 Shazam Dark Phoenix GOT S8 Daredevil S3 Spider-Man: Far from Home Star Wars: IX John Wick 3: Parabellum The New Mutants

This month on  I wrote all about , , , stoned lobsters, octopuses on ecstasy, , , , , , , , ,  & more!  Read my articles here: 

[Películas de Marvel y DC: cuenta regresiva]  Aquaman: 56 días Captain Marvel: 133 días  Shazam: 161 días  Avengers 4: 189 días X-Men: Dark Phoenix: 224 días  Spider-Man: Far From Home: 252 días The New Mutants: 280 días

Today in the news: 'Captain Marvel's Best Box Office Measuring Stick May Be 'Doctor Strange'  via   

WATCH: ‘Captain Marvel’ trailer lands ahead of March 2019 debut https://entertainment.inquirer.net/294252/watch-captain-marvel-trailer-lands-ahead-march-2019-debut?utm_campaign=Echobox&utm_medium=Social&utm_source=Twitter#Echobox=1537334794 …

“That’s gonna be fun!” Lee Pace at the Angels in America stage door in May 2018, replying to a fan who wished him good luck being back in the MCU.    

Hala’s back, girls    feat “Ryan”  @ Jacob K. Javits Convention Center https://www.instagram.com/p/BooxVt-nsXQ/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=12xc05to2f9mw …

Next year is going to bring us Captain Marvel, the sequel to infinity war, Star Wars episode 9, and this. I cannot contain my excitement 

Needed a confidence booster, so I put on my new  shirt underneath my work uniform. I also did my hair and makeup because that helps too.   Not that you can really see either. Lol 


Thanos is so badass, even Stan Lee is getting wiped out of existence. Captain Marvel must intervene. RIP Stan Lee! 

If the Captain Marvel soundtrack doesn't have one good, iconic absolutely positively 90's track on it I'm going to fight the Marvel execs

“THAT’S CAPTAIN MARVEL!!  She’s a pilot!  I wanna be a pilot!  We’re going to go see that in theater!  With M & M’s!  And slushies!”  -Amelia, age 6, after seeing the @captainmarvel trailer.  #CarolCorps

That suit is perfect! Look how happy Brie is that she gets to play Captain Marvel. This movie is going to rule and I can't wait! 

Captain Marvel's actress has been harassed by some "fans" claiming she should smile more in her promo pieces. So why not give everyone that task? ;) 

So the official Disney Movies website lists Jude Law as Mar-Vell in Captain Marvel, even though I thought we ruled out him being that character. 

@TBonvillain you have quite the list of projects. You be be very good. I follow Captain Marvel. Love Carol. Loved Mar-Vell (all-time favorite) he battled bigotry and racism way back. They were stupid to kill him.

I really hope the next #CaptainMarvel trailer has Goose in it, otherwise my friends aren't going to let up on me.

Holy crap!  Look at the awesome on Katy Ruth and her Captain Marvel outfit!  We love it! (and her!) 

109 days until Captain Marvel  165 days until Avengers 4  228 days until Spider-Man 2  Dear Marvel Fan, Are You Ready? 

#MCU Schedule as of 11-9-2018  Captain Marvel: 118 days * Avengers 4: 174 days * Spider-Man Far From Home: 237 days  * I fully expect this date to be moved up a week!  Proposed name for Avengers 4- Avengers: Midnight.


The Shazam fans saying that diminish their own hero. looks like without the Captain Marvel name he is nothing! Captain Marvel is Carol, fits her and will be how new fans and the global mass will know her.But if one day she changes it.I’ll call her by the new one because it’s her!

I hear Venom is gonna be awful, I can’t envision Aquaman being 1/10th as good as Venom. Captain Marvel please save us.

I used to feel the same about the name, but again, it’s an issue of respect. He should not be called anything other than Captain Marvel for that reason alone.  If there had been a need for a name change, it should have been Captain Thunder.

It’s official! To celebrate the release of her new movie,  will be landing at  for the first time ever as part of Marvel Season of Super Heroes.    Studios  

Arm wrestling my old co-worker aka my bestie aka Captain Marvel...she won of course...I did give her all my strong ya know...    

People dislike Monica as Captain Marvel? DON'T THOSE FOOLS KNOW SHE LED THE AVENGERS????  Seriously though she is great.


marvels already done flashbacks in aos w younger coulson and they didn’t use cgi. do they just expect me to believe that between captain marvel and the aos flashbacks he ages that fast. idiots. 

Theres legit people out here at 4am counting how many lines Captain Marvel has in the trailer.  Then getting mad angry coz Nick Fury has more lines... bruh how do these people survive in the real world

This folks is MR. MIND. He is one of the greatest threats to Captain Marvel & the entire Marvel family...I shit you not  

Great both Shadowhunters 3B and Captain Marvel then A4 drop right im time for my birthday, and I will still lose all my fav characters at the end of them

1. Spider-Man (Peter Parker) 2. Captain America (Steve Rogers) 3. Superman 4. Batman (Bruce Wayne) 5. She-Hulk 6. Mr. Fantastic 7. Batgirl (Barbara Gordon) 8. Iron Man (Tong Stark) 9. Captain Marvel (Billy Batson) 10. Captain Marvel (Carol Danvers) 

"Hello police!? Yes I would like to report that Samuel L Jackson has to many words in the the new Captain Marvel trailer...Yes I'll hold." 

Explaining the truth about the Captain Marvel name (how DC never owned it, and sued Fawcett Comics because they said he was a Superman rip off) is NOT being negative about DC.  Explaining facts and reality to people is not being negative even when you don’t like what reality is. 

'Costume Weirdness' in Captain Marvel #1 by Kelly Thompson, Carmen Carnero and Tamra Bonvillain Launching in January 

2019 Movies To Look Forward To:  - Into The Spider Verse (late 2018 - early 2019) - Captain Marvel - Dark Phoenix - Toy Story 4 - Now You See Me 3 (unconfirmed) - Avengers 4 - How To Train Your Dragon 3 - Men In Black - Far From Home - Shrek 5

Suddenly its gone from:   -it matters that Captain Marvel was announced first     to    -it doesnt matter that WW was announced first...

 will at Comic Con Revolution - West Palm Beach, March 2nd & 3rd, at the Palm Beach County Convention Center. Info:        19     

Yay! It's Monday! Let's celebrate by enjoying this lovely tweet from the upcoming  superstar! We love  and we're so incredibly happy that she enjoyed our game!


 sure looks interesting and I’m pretty excited for it. I’m all for introducing new characters to the MCU and I cannot wait to see what role she plays in Avengers 4.

Best part of @PCLeftovers this week is @LazyJediBri freestyling a #CaptainMarvel theme song to the old HBO 80's intro song

My heart is in pieces. Marvel movies will never be the same. Comics will never be the same. Captain Marvel and Avengers 4 got to include the most emotional tribute to Stan Lee.

 The best cameo ever, and I cant imagine when Captain Marvel will be released for global, or maybe including The Avenger sequel. Thats, the last time we'll watch his last scenes on theater  

The Mighty Thor Vol. 1 #446: Captain Marvel's team of Avengers arrive on the homeworld of the Shi'ar, and are taken for an audience with the Majestrix by The Imperial Guard. The Avengers are soon detained after Thor's outburst, while a Kree strike force invades to kill Lilandra. 

thanos: all men must die.   captain marvel: but we are not men.   okoye, wanda, black widow, shuri, mantis, wasp, nebula, gamora, valkyrie and nakia: [appears on the other side]

Apparently some people are complaining that Brie Larson doesn't smile enough and looks emotionless in the  trailer. Can only imagine what they'd think of many  photos...

"i don't know much about captain marvel" but i'll make a 13 minute video talking about all the things that are wrong with this trailer


My 7 year old: I bet when #CaptainMarvel fights #Thanos, she's gonna kick his butt. Me too son. Me too

Is this hyper- ‘Captain Marvel’ actress publicly demonstrating her bigotry for them sweet, sweet virtue-signal points? Or just a cynical strategy to ensure everyone gives ’s  movie only positive reviews...?  Let the movie goers decide.  

Since DC's Shazam is due out soon I'd like to recommend checking out some golden age  comics, aka  Turns out a great deal of the originals are  check out  & others to read free! (There's another CM that everyone forgot, he's also PD)

AMAZING stream returning to body art! $200 in donos and dove into trying out a comic style with  body paint! Thanks friends for the love! 

This Facebook thing just told me I’m Captain Marvel so that’s it for me I’ve completed every level of achievement in my life 

i know im late but happy birthday to this lil ball of sunshine. i hope you’ve had an amazing birthday. i love u, and i can’t wait for captain marvel  

Captain Marvel doesn't need to smile for her character to work. You know who does though? Superman. Never hearing anyone talk why he didn't smile in Man of Steel though.


imagine all marvel actresses wearing suits in the captain marvel premiere, we would be literally blessed  

I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://youtu.be/T-jpQxJ5ahk?a  Biggest Reveals From Captain Marvel Prelude Comic | Explained in Hindi

Question for you all out there in the Twitterverse. For my Captain Marvel Halloween costume, do I A: wear it like  does in the upcoming movie or B: attempt to faux hawk it?! Need help deciding  

I got to watch the captain marvel trailer in imax and I’m still thinking about watching HER transition into A HERO 

There will be Stan Lee cameo in Spiderman Into The Spiderverse, Wreck It Ralph 2, Captain Marvel, Avengers 4 and Spiderman Far from Home.

Someone on the Reddit Marvel Studios Discord just pointed out how we know more about Far From Home right now than Captain Marvel and Avengers 4.  It’s true.

NEW CHARACTER ALERT   CAPTAIN MARVEL to make her debut at  on March 23, 2019 as part of Marvel Season of Super Heroes at Walt Disney Studios Park 

Thers is no Spiderman There is no hulk There is no Black Widow There is no Iron Man There is no Black Panther There is no Silver Surfer There is no Magneto There is no Thor There is no Captain Marvel   if there is no Stan Lee. RIP Stan Lee "The Real Hero"  #StanLeeForever

sometimes i lay in bed at night thinking about just how much money Captain Marvel is gonna make at the box office


Excited for next year’s  movie release? Catch up with Carol beforehand and we have ’s amazing run on the Captain Marvel series! 

Thank you, , for destroying the legacy of Mar-Vell, the original . "Activated them," my ass. Normal pure blood Kree don't even have powers for Hala's sake, and we're talking about a half-Kree here! 


What really happened during Avengers  Nick Fury: Captain Marvel, we need you help! Earth is under atta-  Captain Marvel: 

Happy birthday to our Life of  writer and fellow Carol Corps member !!!!! May you have the best day among great people, Margieeee! 

So proud and humbled to be involved doing a story of the upcoming  movie. It was a blast collaborating with the awesome . I learned a lot from making this my first comic gig!


For anyone and everyone who wants to read all about who  is, this is the best list of her comics and comic appearances in chronological order. Compiled by the fab  Please share!    

Here's a tough one! If you could be ANY ONE of these two legendary characters, who would you be? AND WHY?  


1-Are we ever gonna get an extended cut for infinity war or any mcu movie?  2-After avengers 4 introduces time travel via the quantum realm. Are we gonna see more of it later on? 3-Is captain marvel gonna be similar in tone with winter solider?


With Captain Marvel and Disney's streaming service on the horizon, here's every upcoming TV show and movie in the Marvel Cinematic Universe:  

Always loved how Elvis based his stage costume on Captain Marvel Jr's. He was a huge fan and in his apartment, now a museum, there is even an issue on the nightstand.   

Preciate you brother but there’s other problems at hand as well:   1. Do we have Thanos under control?  2. Is Winter Solider good?  3. Can we get Ant Man out of that Quantum Realm?  4. Is Captain Marvel that crazy?  5. Can we situate this Thanos problem? 


Hi . Coulson fans have been asking  if he will live in S6. We haven't gotten any answers, so I'm asking you if you can give us some hope that  on AOS. We're  for his Captain Marvel role, but we don't want his story to end there. 

MCU and DCEU fanboys/stans: *fighting over whether their Captain Marvel is better* Brie Larson and Zachary Levi: 

Last night I saw a Venom movie, which was preceded by trailers for films with Captain Marvel, Shazam (the former Captain Marvel), and one with Spider-Ham in it.   I’m still stunned by all this. I feel like I have all the answers for a test I didn’t know I was going to take.

Who is Captain Marvel and can she turn the tide after Infinity War? https://www.independent.co.uk/arts-entertainment/films/news/captain-marvel-trailer-who-is-nick-fury-infinity-war-brie-larson-thanos-starforce-a8543076.html?utm_campaign=Echobox&utm_medium=Social&utm_source=Twitter#Echobox=1537356785 …

What if  one of the post credit scenes in Captain Marvel is Carol watching Tony bring the Nuke to the alien ships and she trys to save him as he falling back.  And then in Avengers 4 when she see him she goes "it was you, against the Chirtui. You're a hero"  You can't sleep now.

Annihilationがタイトルだと報じたJeremyはCaptain Marvelのトレーラーに関して正しい情報をシェアしてて、過去の記事からも割と信頼出来るソースなんだけど、昨日のJimmy Fallonとラファロのインタビュー見てたら全部PRの一環としか思えない

Marvel is the most mainstream thing in the entire world rn and that is demonstrable by the fact they just made up a superhero on the spot caller her captain marvel, just spliced together a load of other footage for a trailer and it got 170,000,000 reddit upvotes in 6 seconds

The Fade-Out by Ed Brubaker and Sean Philips, @DanSlott and @AllredMD's run on Silver Surfer, @kellysue's Captain Marvel and Bitch Planet, ANYTHING by Grant Morrison but especially his All-Star Superman, @misscecil and @kittycoffee's Shade the Changing Girl...


INFINITY WAR 2 SPOILER CAPTAIN MARVEL WAS DUSTED TOO AND THE CLIFFHANGER WAS FOR NAUGHT THE END ROLL CREDITS


Our #CaptainMarvel trailer is breaking records already and Corps.. believe me. We haven’t seen NOTHING yet. It really introduced people to Carol.. to what’s going on with her. We had a liltte taste of action, we didn’t see her sarcastic humor and A LOT OF THINGS. WAIT AND SEE ;)

Hoping that 'Captain Marvel' is just 2 plus hours of her punching random people and saying "Sorry, thought you were a Skrull."

Thanks  for creating this perfect declaration of ’s lust for life and her passion to push herself beyond her limits. It’s so inspiring and empowering. I feel like I can do anything i wanna do and overcome any adversity in order to win! 

I prefer the  and  trailer over the  trailer anyday. Also I wasn't a big fan of the  trailer either. 

I’m hyped about the  Movie despite knowing little of the character. This blurb is pretty much all I needed to fall in love 

Great result  Started slow  Incredible 2nd half display  captain marvel MOTM  10 in a row  Great to see Wengerball/EmeryBall on the great mans Birthday 

I loved everything about this issue of #CaptainMarvel. Some may freak out because a big red button was hit on her past, but I found it so thrilling, heartbreaking, and creative. There was nothing unbelievable about it.

Wow, some dudes are pissed Captain Marvel isn't smiling in the trailers. WEIRD. It's almost like she doesn't exist for them to look at and be nice to. Like she has her own emotional inner life and context and story. WEIRD.


From Captain Marvel Adventures #98, one of my absolute favorite stories.  Earth was rejected from entry into the United Worlds, but Captain Marvel's multiple good deeds earns Earth an invitation to join...  Except Captain Marvel declines it - he wants all of humanity to earn it. 

Captain Marvel - SHAZAM Family Comic Book Cover Art - 170 Trading Card Book Set - NEW! – Available Now to Order:  via      

I love how Black Panther and Captain Marvel seem so unique/separate from the MCU but within the MCU. I love the Captain Marvel teaser sooooo much. lol

1974 cover recreation of Marvel Mystery Comics #8 by CC Beck, the cocreator of the original Captain Marvel. The original cover from 1940 was by Alex Schomburg. 

I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/Z1BCujX3pw8?a  Marvel Studios' Captain Marvel - Official Trailer


Regarding the secret character  Boon says to think of something non-DC, more specifically the OPPOSITE of DC  I feel the opposite of DC is Marvel being they’re the 2 big comic universes, but they couldn’t get rights to Marvel characters BUT  Shazam used to be Captain Marvel (1/2) 

HER-O!  FIRST TRAILER DEBUT SHE’S HERE! #CAPTAINMARVEL is unleashed to the WORLD. #PROUD!https://youtu.be/Z1BCujX3pw8


Crystal Keep  55 also on iTunes & Spotify! Movie & Gaming  + Recommendations! VOD on our Youtube!        -Audio -

>Infinity war 2 >Everyone comes back after Captain Marvel unsnaps everyone back into existance >Stan Lee in a crowd of people in downtown cental New York looking up silently smiling as the shot pans wide with people cheering. >End of movie "in loving memory of Stan Lee" It hurts. 

Whatever else movie audiences make of Disney and Marvel Studios’ Captain Marvel, it’s hard to imagine there will be a more predictable, potent, or sustained emotional reaction than the applause coming when it opens with the words: “In Memory of Stan Lee.” 


No surprise but good news here, Marvel Studios has signed  star Brie Larson for the long haul.   “Brie Larson signed a SEVEN-picture deal that locks her into MULTIPLE FRANCHISES.”  - THR  (THR:  )

I didn't realize he married the nanny. It feels like this is the most I've seen him press-wise with Fantastic Beasts. But maybe he's ready for big ticket stuff because he's in Captain Marvel.

Just watched the preview for Captain Marvel in the theater and I’m trying not to cry bc my Brother and Danica are here.

Just watched infinity war for like the 1000th time and lemme just say, I am beyond exited to see @brielarson as captain marvel y’all have no idea. Chills just watching the post credits scene omg

MCU: Captain Marvel Prelude ( Why Nick Fury Waited So Long To Call Capta... https://youtu.be/wpNN-_kXW50  via @YouTube

okay so rt to be in a captain marvel gc!   -mbf / have dms open - not really selective  - no thorkis or starkers  - be hyped for captain marvel  - discuss theories  - love phil coulson - don’t be ia but if you are a little that’s okay   if this flop it wasn’t me   making @ 10 rts

Nah, that would be Captain Marvel. He’s gonna be very important, you are right about that, but the superstar of the show is going to most likely be Captain Marvel.

Had a huge project last month that was super fun, thankfully with it done I can get back to doing more arts. I give you Rogue!              

My current ranking of Phase 3 of the MCU. Can't wait for Captain Marvel and Avengers 4 to complete the strongest phase of MCU films (in my opinion). 

So I decided to go test out my new eyeshadows and I did I sort of captain marvel look (but like it's shit soooo) 

None of the usual candidates for top performers are on ’s first place team in  instead he’s got a well rounded team with  and Miles  leading the way   

Want to say thank you to  on this  for "Life of Captain Marvel". It's exactly what the  need right now.

yall know how people always got excited when a stan lee cameo appeared in a movie and you could actually tell bc people inside the cinema clapped or yelled a little or made noises??? imagine the reactions for his captain marvel and a4 cameo,,,,, 

MCU Theory: Falcon and Bucky Are BOTH The New Captain America  i am telling you now neither of them will be Captain America on big screen .. there won't  be Cap on big screen post Avengers 4 only one Captain that is Captain Marvel .

Captain Marvel & Co.:  brought some friends with her to watch the  trailer at the Smithsonian  Museum on an IMAX screen!

Captain Marvel "is incredibly human and flawed, which makes her relatable,” said the writer Kelly Thompson. “She’s incredible but she struggles.” https://nyti.ms/2NXtEYr

Captain Marvel Prelude #1 Reveals What Nick Fury and Maria Hill Were Up To Before Avengers: Infinity War    

If Captain Marvel does the box office everyone is expecting it to, I would not be surprised to see this exact thing suddenly green lit. 

Paging Captain Marvel fans!  I helped  make this t-shirt a reality. If you don't get it read THE LIFE OF CAPTAIN MARVEL and cop this sweet shirt 

the movies i cant wait to see at the moment :  Spider Man into the spider verse  Aquaman  Detective Pikachu Captain Marvel 

Here's @Disney's 2019 line up via @CNNBusiness:  Captain Marvel - March 8 Dumbo - March 29  Penguins - April 19 Avengers - May 3 Aladdin - May 24 Toy Story 4 - June 21  The Lion King - July 19 Frozen 2 - November 27  Star Wars - December 20

I would LOVE for him to be called Captain Marvel again, but its not going to change any time soon so I cant be bothered to have endless threads about it. This thread has been good and everyone is being polite so its great, But I have been in some NASTY threads

The applause for Stan Lee's cameo in Captain Marvel will be deafening. He probably filmed cameos for Avengers 4 and the second Spider-Man movie too. Can't wait to see that

EP 96 Batman’s packing!! 2 comics   &  annual #1   + we cover  trailer  new take on the  and more news. Vote for your comic book  https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/earth-919-a-comic-book-podcast/id1117726689?mt=2&i=1000420204273 …pic.twitter.com/2AcJTkCUVY

I, uh, did not even imagine they would have Captain Marvel face characters on Disney property. Whoa. 

On Episode 42 of The Brothers Binge  we’re joined by , , and  and we discuss , , ,  and we play an intense game of X’s & O’s!  iTunes: https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/the-brothers-binge/id1320690021?mt=2#episodeGuid=tag%3Asoundcloud%2C2010%3Atracks%2F504178023 … SoundCloud: https://soundcloud.com/thebrothersbinge/ch-42-they-get-a-divorce …pic.twitter.com/1jR6CEA9VV

winter solder was brainwashed and in pain. really confused about everything. didn't smile: no one bats an eye  captain marvel. brainwashed as well. self-discovering herself. no clue about her past: why does she only have one expression why doesn't she smile more????????

Forever late to the party, but still over the moon about the  so I did a little sketch of my own    

My guess is It’s gotta be Kate Bishop   We getting the set up for Young Avengers... it’ll be an end credit scene maybe. Can we just fast forward to Captain marvel and Avengers 4 PLEASE?! Omgomg 

Finally officially caught up on the MCU  I’m the king of avoiding spoilers idk how i didn’t get anything ruined for me but i am NOT gonna be later ever again  who wants to go to the midnight release of captain marvel with me


my tl is rlly dry n i'd love to have more mutuals so pls rt if you stan: - mcu / marvel - runaways - amatw / ant man / hope van dyne - captain marvel - agents of shield / aos - b99 / brooklyn nine nine - superstore - the good place - sense8 - this is us

, Ms. Brie Larson, star of the upcoming feature film "Captain Marvel," joined  from across the NCR and local  program families during this past Tuesday's  broadcast for the worldwide premiere of the  trailer!" 


'Shazam!' Director Recreates Meme With Batman & Superman via /r/captainmarvel https://ift.tt/2CPApES

Your voice is like sooo nice oh my god. By the way here you go, a captain marvel thing ︽✵︽ also yeah i didn't know how to do it either i literally googled that and did a copy+paste magic don't judge me And thank you so muchi'm always both scared and excited what ppl will say

ANNOUNCEMENT!  will launch a new  series with art by the magnificent, amazing, wondrous   accompanied by   and eds.  & . Covers by . Guys, you are really going to love this!!!

Just a few cosplay plans for next year! Definitely want to do a few groups with these as well! .       … https://www.instagram.com/p/BqTTgYij8qT/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=1u2n8b3g29vmr …

I genuinely don't mean to pick on anybody who is excited about Captain Marvel. If it looks good to you, great. Speaking only for myself, I'm underwhelmed and puzzled.

Are Captain Marvel and Captain America allowed to be different characters that people don’t pit against each other? They are both iconic characters in their OWN respects.

When you have to do a fitting by yourself and you don’t have enough hands! . Haha! I’m just really excited about this cosplay if you cant tell. Im looking so forward to becoming Captain Marvel soon!   ____    #…  

Captain Marvel Prelude #1 preview. Nick Fury and Maria Hill set off on life-or-death missions that lead directly to the appearance of Captain Marvel!   

I expect to see only Iron-man, Cap, Hulk, Captain Marvel and Thor vs Thanos at some point in the movie.

Imagine thinking Marvel was “burying” captain marvel who they’ve announced will be the strongest avenger ever and the star of 2019 because the GODFATHER of the MCU was narrating her trailer

Guardians of the Galaxy and Captain Marvel co-writer Nicole Perlman tells us why she went indie to make her directorial debut, The Slows.   

Well the world has lost a star today stan Lee's creations have influenced so many people and I would go as far as to say the majority of the people on the planet know of at least 1 of his characters. Banner, stark, Rogers, murdoc,the list is endless. RIP STAN (CAPTAIN MARVEL) LEE 


the captain marvel trailer played before venom came on and screamed and i freakin cried. dont @ me.. i

THE KORVAC SAGA (1977-1978) The  face  in this polarising classic. Why do people love the Korvac Saga? MORE:       

So this is the process on how I created my digital art of Bucky, from pencil drawing to digital drawing.       InfinityWar  4    fanart  

Iron Man and Thor have been my favorite superheroes for a long time now, but I think once I see her movie, Captain Marvel will be my new favorite superhero.

so they’re gonna have a captain marvel meet & greet at disney starting next year so if anyone has a spare $500 laying around :)

It’s been 3 months since we’ve gotten Ant-Man and the Wasp and it’ll be another 4 months until we get Captain Marvel.....I am having a Marvel movie withdrawal

He gave us the best childhood and adulthood... RIP Stan Lee..  Excelsior! Hope he made a Cameo in  4 and  

Yes, that is the same pager from Infinity War in Captain Marvel.  No, that doesn't answer any of our questions about it.   

Increíble primer póster de , está increíble superhéroe se une al  para sorprendernos.  Quien la espera??   cinematicuniverse  … https://www.instagram.com/p/BpQUHQYFZm2/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=14z7ndpdmfutm …

For the first time ever, guests will encounter Captain Marvel as part of an action-packed, day-long celebration aboard select Disney Magic sailings with  Line!  

Just for fun: some predictions:    is not going to do great. It'll be cute, but widely regarded as just a retread of the first movie. Modest success.    will do well, but not as well as people are thinking. By Marvel standards, middle-tier. 

I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/uGcS8FWKt9Y?a  Shazam - Teaser Trailer 2019 | DC's Captain Marvel | Fan Made Movie


Early next year and for a limited time,  guests will have the opportunity to encounter Captain Marvel herself!!   will join an already-epic lineup… https://www.instagram.com/aperkydisgirl87/p/BqQeEh0HJyc/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=c8kpu91kemt0 …

Mary Elizabeth Winstead will be in Birds of Prey, meaning Scott Pilgrim has now smooched Huntress & Captain Marvel and beat up Superman, The Atom, Cap. America, The Human Torch, and The DUFF.

A new  comic series is launching next year! Kelly Thompson () writes, with Carmen Carnero () illustrating.  will debut its first issue, with a cover by Amanda Conner, on January 2, 2019. 

Stan Lee, who has died aged 95, created icons like Spider-Man, Captain Marvel and Iron Man. You may not be a fan of these characters but we should all take note of what he wrote 50 years ago.  Has nothing changed for us or our children? 

From the other night, when  and I saw Bohemian Rhapsody. I’m DYING to see this! Higher, Further, Faster, More!!! Yeah Carol! Let’s do this!  

Morning friends! Tomorrow 2PM Central Captain Marvel body paint! Gonna keep trying to develop a comic style and stop shading with eyeshadow! 

Dear Crush,  His Good Looks Will Fade Away With Time. But My Humour Will Always Be There For You In Your Sad Times.  Your's Underrated Lover,  ~ Captain Marvel

His name is Shazam, and people will know him by that name. The public will know Carol Danvers as Captain Marvel. No matter what you try to pull. 

hi, i'm looking for mutuals :) rt/like this tweet if you stan:  - mcu - tony stark - peter parker - thor - doctor strange - captain marvel - steve rogers - harry potter - anime and manga  please follow back


1. They have no resemblance outside of gender 2. Captain Marvel been planned before WW movie was a thing 3. CM is needed to defeated Thanos  Just stop talking. 

'Shazam!' Director David F. Sandberg Shares Set Photo Of Stand-Ins via /r/captainmarvel https://ift.tt/2Q1JEJp

y’all ever think about how chris evans watched the captain marvel trailer and when mckenna came on he would have smiled so hard and his eyes would’ve lit up like WOW the man has always been so whipped for that girl

omg were really getting captain marvel, guardians of the galaxy, and black widow #1 in January 2019 is for the GAYS

also the quote in my bio is like all the quotes from the captain marvel trailer with sum of my fav people so go thru all the @‘s check em out follow them or sum 

Colors for Carol are done! Feels nice to be able to paint traditionally once again! Long overdue piece for a good friend. ︽✵︽  

This was at the end of the MCU Marvel's Captain Marvel prelude comic. It's a preview for the Avengers 4 prelude comic. "To find out how Tony Stark disappeared and what's happening in Wakanda" Interesting. 

Showed my God-niece photos of me as Captain Marvel for Halloween: "You look exactly like her!"  CORRECT, TINY GOD NIECE. NICELY DONE.

Looks like IT’s coming Black Friday.   It’d better have a new date (April 26) and  in the trailer. If  &  r confident  can breakout & gross inbetween  & , they must put her in d trailer

Scene: A dark, dank room buried underneath the glistening Team Disney Burbank. BOB IGER glowers over a trembling herd of lawyers, huddled together for warmth.  IGER: Get me Captain Marvel in Spaceship Earth or I'll turn the lot of you into TURKEY LEGS!!!

hahaha i actually know this dude's deal and it's like "what if we took captain marvel's shazam-to-adult thing but made it so it was instead the grossest metaphor for puberty possible with a whole lotta green goo"

 as kismet and  as darkstar one from the guardians of the galaxy and the other from the X-men universe           

im so ready for spiderman into the spider-verse, captain marvel, loki's serie but hell nah avengers 4

Brie Larson was told to smile more as Captain Marvel. She had the absolute best response https://ti.me/2xxSXWS

Our next Jewish creator, Mac Raboy. Most known as the co-creator of Captain Marvel Jr. & for drawing the Flash Gordon Sunday strip from 1948-1967. A prolific cover artist for Fawcett on books such as the Green Lama. He did this drawing of his own father, novelist Isaac Raboy. 

WHAT IF CAPTAIN MARVEL WAS IN AVENGERS: INFINITY WAR Reaction: http://youtu.be/VL9yPvteqhI?a  via @YouTube


Ep96 is full of Trailers! We break down the latest    and a Star Wars anime trailer by   this was a fun episode and it features the return of Britta. Join us    

WHOA I’m on this best   list as .  Thanks ! Can’t believe I didn’t run into this amazing rule63 Tony. 

Finished my 2nd Captain Marvel comic and am happy to say I'm hooked! Looking forward to reading more while my anticipation grows 4 the movie :)     

"We're gonna get where we're going, you and me. Death and indignity be damned… we'll get there… and we'll be the stars we were always meant to be." -           

That was EXACTLY what  I was going for. I think Captain Marvel can still be brave and heroic and wise, but still be the 13-year-old boy. That’s what makes Billy Batson special. That’s why he was chosen. That’s just the version I like. 

Stan Lee's Marvel movie cameos! Can't wait to see him again in Captain Marvel and Infinity War Part 2 (and possibly Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse, too)... 

There’s a massive, massive, massive change to Captain Marvel’s origin here. I’m curious to see how this lines up with the film next year.   (The Life Of Captain Marvel #4) 

Back again this time we discuss stepparents and captain marvel check it out here or on stitcher or google play music   https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/bedroom-confessions/id1352232193?mt=2&i=1000420348661 …

6. if you have ever said that captain marvel doesn't deserve to kill thanos, shouldn't be that powerful, or blah blah blah.  you annoy me entirely or annoyed me a lot when i read your tweet and i still hold a tiny grudge

This is one of our more awkward trailer reactions. Thanks @CriticalDonk https://youtu.be/BzIasHUaNtY  #captainmarvel #nicolascage


”Check out Lee Pace’s triumphant return as Ronan the Accuser!”  Captain Marvel Trailer Breakdown and Analysis via     

I have no followers to lose so I'm just going to say it: How are you stanning Captain Marvel based off of a 5 minute trailer?  And all those fan edits everyone is making of her are IDENTICAL. I'll hop on the Danvers train once we get more content 

I find people who still disrespect comic books to be, not morons, that's rude. How about ignorant? Marvel Studios is the No. 1 film franchise ever. Their blueprint to success was use all the great comics for their movies.   

I wanted everyone to understand the meaning of heroes like we do. Metaphors they represent, how they empower and inspire. “Higher, Further, Faster - ’s passion to push herself beyond her limits, never letting anything stop her, always ready for the next challenge 

I searched Captain Marvel on YouTube and D&C wasn't even in the 1st 100 results.   It's almost as if YouTube's search algorithm is catering to Jose's habit of watching D&C videos on 30 simultaneous windows like that Adrian Veidt scene in Watchmen. 

TSR #197: O Captain! My Captain (Marvel)! http://toschestation.net/tsr-197-o-captain-my-captain-marvel/ …

Captain Marvel is based off of Kelly Sue DeConnick's take on Carol Danvers, says Marvel Studios boss Kevin Feige. Marvel Cinematic Universe fans were treated to the trailer last month, and as is the... 

Looks like everyone wants a  trailer break down like I did for Captain Marvel. Will try to get it up on   as quick as possible after the trailer drops.

Animated short looking to cast characters for Captain Marvel parody! PAID WORK http://voiceacting.boards.net/thread/2909/animation-captain-marvel-parody-paid …

Hye November! Please be nice with us. 2 months left before 2019. Wait whattt. Cant wait for captain marvel.

Just letting everyone know, before his passing, Stan Lee shot his cameos for Avengers 4, Captain Marvel and Spider-Man: Far From Home

There's dudes who wish that Carol Danvers was still "Ms. Marvel" instead of "Captain Marvel", and I just wonder if they don't like the idea of change or character development as a whole.

i'm gonna watch captain marvel so many times next year i'm gonna pay for @brielarson's return for the sequel myself

So like I’m debating.. should I get the Captain Marvel set or just get the wallet or get a completely different wallet!?! I NEED HELP 

it's the captain marvel trailer 2. the first guitar strings of cherry bomb start playing. a pair of dirty cowboy boots walk down the sidewalk, the camera pans up. it's carol. guns n' roses shirt, hair tied up, sunglasses and a lot of attitude. you wanna die of excitement

Kamala Khan aka Ms. Marvel voiced by  – a devoted fan of Super Heroes, especially of her mentor Captain Marvel; she is determined that she too can be a great hero! If only she’d be taken seriously. 

WIP. Captain Marvel from my last  stream. Who's hyped for the movie?   artist https://www.instagram.com/p/BpPUlWJlMOu/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=i16i7rqcytf1 …

Everyone seems excited about X-men being in the MCU. Everyone seems excited about Captain Marvel being the most powerful character in the MCU. If the X-men are in this universe then we have someone else filling that “most powerful” spot 

I'm not too worried about Captain Marvel... if the movie is good no harm no foul, if the movie tanks they'll pretend it never happened and she'll probably get reset back to normal

#MCU Schedule as of 11-13-2018  Captain Marvel: 114 days * Avengers 4: 170 days * Spider-Man Far From Home: 233 days  * I fully expect this date to be moved up a week!  Proposed name for Avengers 4- Avengers: Thanos Came Home (With A Vengeance).

Boy lots of news of the nerd variety today isnt there  -Captain Marvel Trailer  -ATLA Live Action -Loki, Scarlet Witch and others getting Netflix shows -PS mini -The toad thing of which we will not speak

Big players step up at big times & that's what Captain marvel  did here!   A true leader on pitch & an absolute diamond off it!   Well deserved, finish your senior year in style Hol! 


gain mutuals   rt if you stan any of the following, & follow everyone who rts this. be nice and return all follows to gain new mutuals!   -chris evans/steve -sebastian stan/bucky -peggy carter -tony stark -loki -brie larson/captain marvel -gotg -peter parker -venom

The concept art that gave us our first official look at the MCU's CAPTAIN MARVEL has been released in full-resolution:  (via )

MCU: Brie Larson Is Signed On For SEVEN Movies As Captain Marvel [Updated]                  fortnite 

Get to know Captain Marvel from Marvel Rising! | Earth's Mightiest Show Bonus  https://youtu.be/t7k6WqxLIpw  via @YouTube

The order I think the upcoming MCU Movie trailers are in:   -Avengers 4 Official Trailer   -Captain Marvel Trailer 2  -Spider-Man: Far From Home Teaser Trailer  Please do not @ me. 


Rock the vote was a 1992 campaign to get people to vote. This basically not only confirms Captain Marvel takes place in the early 90s, but that it takes place the same year Bucky (Winter Soldier) kills Tony Starks parents as we saw in Civil War..... mindblown 

I did this sample cover sized 11×17 in. Sold.    comics  https://www.instagram.com/p/BqZAE2Mh5kM/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=ye5h4p7q16w2 …


Taking a much needed and well earned break from reality for the evening.  marvel  @ West Seattle, Seattle https://www.instagram.com/p/BqWcC8PHbcf/?utm_source=ig_twitter_share&igshid=1bu0upla66fn0 …

“Comics were marketed toward young white boys at one point, therefore young white boys are the REAL fans and their opinions on Captain Marvel’s tits are of the utmost importance” 

#MCU Schedule as of 11-17-2018  Captain Marvel: 110 days * Avengers 4: 166 days * Spider-Man Far From Home: 229 days  * I fully expect this date to be moved up a week!  Proposed name for Avengers 4- Avengers: Detective Iron Man.

