The trailer looks okay, but Brie Larson just looks like she's bored throughout it.
Brie larson to Chris Evans:"I AM THE CAPTAIN NOW"
Not going to comment on how good or bad the movie might be, but this trailer was just awful. Just plain awful. It's like they're trying to go for some awe-inspiring hero introduction, which works for like the first 10 seconds of this trailer, and then it's just really monotone for the rest of it. And the production quality of some of the sfx makes it seem like it's something out of Marvel's Inhumans tv show. Usually these trailers are pretty unique to the character, like the ant-man trailer or the captain america trailers, but all I got from this was a generic 90s superhero trope vibe with what seems like a super disinterested Brie Larson. Here's to hoping trailer 2 is a lot better
Average at best... I dont think brie can carry this movie.
Terrible casting choice. Not hating on the actress, she just doesn't fit the character at all.
Everyone's going about Larson not too good enough. Don't you trust Marvel?
WW teaser was way better than this. Perhaps the official CM trailer will be more hype worthy. A lot of folk  hocked on Gadot as WW, but she owned it. Hopefully Brie can do the same.
"The many face of Brie Larson"
Just wonder... how they find that kind of characters to become a Captain????? there are millions actresses in this world with a better look...
I know that bre Larson did a with Tom  Hiddleston and Sam Jackson Kong Skull Island as well
Okay, so many of you don't like the actress, who would you have like to see as Captain Marvel? Maybe the studio should start asking the audience to provide suggestion. We are the ones spending money.
Hey ! That's Brick Larson !
I'm so fuckin excited to see Brie
I don't like Brie Larson as a person so I don't think I'll be seeing this movie in theatres unless it has phenomenal reviews.
Covered neck to toe in leather... Hold one one god dang minute... Some feminists are pro flesh... Its all empowerment girls... And then some women are like... Cover everything up girls (bit Muslim if you ask me) dont let those evil males get their grimy eyes on you or they will objectify you... Oh god dread the thought.... Make your mind up ladies. BTW, this covered muslim capt. Marvel looks shit... They should have found a director with the balls and an actress with the self confidence (sorry, not any of those fatties) to show some leg.... Man this film looks shit.
It looks really great. Brie Larson's on point with this movie, actually. The movie itself, based on this trailer, looks as though it's gonna' have a darker mood than it seems for a cheesy looking super-heroine.
So Deadpool 2 is saving Block Buster while Captain Marvel is destroying? Is this Brie Larson's response to DP 2's "sexist" nature?
If youve never seen the actress in other movies please don't complain about her acting skills you've seen like 5 seconds of. She won an Oscar for her role in Room. She's great.
I'm excited but this trailer is terrible. It could have been a lot better and bre larson is not showing much emotion to the character. She just playing herself. I hope the next trailer is better.
Brie: so what do u want me to do 
Brie is looking HOT AF! And the movie looks amazing. Cannot wait!
I think I'm officially getting old. From watching all the Marvel movies to being very hyped to watch their first show, this does nothing more than just seeing what she looks like. And i love Brie and Gemma and all but the marvel formula is wearing off on me
Not hating but....The actress her facial expression is the same in almost every shot
Again, this is not a jab at Brie Larson's acting ability.  It could be the trailer house that cut this did a really mediocre job.
apart from brief smile in the car she has the exact same facial expression throughout the whole trailer
Brie is perfect for this role.
Brie Larson excited face: :/
Brie Larson doing a good job of impersonating every person watching this trailer. Bored af
I don't want to damit it but I can't take her serious for some reason. The way she talks, the voice, the whole actress seems so unsuitable for the role.
The movie looks great but captain marvel isn't sexy on the comics & Brie Larson isn't sexy either(nobody can top gal gadot as Wonder Woman,now that's sexy)these are facts.
Sorry. This looks bad Marvel. First time I've ever said that. Brie Larson is just a bad actress. Should have gotten a more convincing looking lead.
I’m a foot guy and the fact Brie Larson does not have nice feet at all really distracts me from enjoying this😐😐😐
Brie Larson ரசிகர் மன்றம்💟
That's not the right actress for captain marvel
Why did they pick Brie Larsen as Captain Marvel?
Those who say this is disappointing, underwhelming and boring were just bots created by DC here on youtube to criticise the film and the actress.
I can't tell but is that Brie Larson also as the Old Lady?
can’t be the only one that doesn’t like the choice in actress for captain marvel??
she knows acting better other so called actresses ❤
They should've cast someone more facially charismatic like Charlize Theron. Brie reminds me of Alicia Vikander: bored face all the time
Brie Larson seems to be bored by the fact she's a superhero...  Carol danvers (pre-carl manvers) had a fire and energy about her...  brie is like a black hole of charisma and superhero goodness. 
I will watch anything with the amazing gorgeous brie larson in it but man was this trailer underwhelming.
I don't like the actress
All brie larson delivery seemed pretty flat
And god Brie Larson has a hideous personality matching her hideous looks. It’s like she only has one side of her and that’s to always be angry and scowling
brie seems so bland here :( and what's with marvel and terrible hairdo's??
This looks PHENOMENAL! I wasn't sure what to think of Larson as Carol Danvers, but so far, wow is the word that comes to mind. Flying around, unleashing energy blasts from her fists, the space helmet with the mohawk, and the last shot of her powering up (eyes all a-glow and hair shimmering with energy). Simply beautiful. I dig that 90's vibe, too. Wonder if the soundtrack will give us some grunge. MAN, is it March yet?!?!?
Is it just me or does Brie Larson constantly look bored, is she incapable of facial expressions? 
I get the trailer's vibe. It's like if you woke Cap up after being frozen but you can't trust your memories, you see people who aren't what they seem, and you have a whole world to rediscover all while viewing everything from the standpoint of a soldier. Wonderwoman was both comedic and serious when she was learning of the world of man in the recent film. I know we will see the fun side of Brie playing Captain Marvel bleed through into the character, but that wasn't the point of this trailer.
Bree Larson does Bree Larson sad face.
Wooow Brie~ welcome to marvel's family! Hope you have fun in there~
Terrible choice of actress...! Disaster.. What's the fixation with the millennial teen look?
So this is how an excellent actress with great acting skill went into a waste..
Now this movie is irresistible, Samuel's CGI is awesome. Brie Larson 😍
Ms Larson this trailer didn't explode the internet,this trailer made internet fell asleep!:)
Does anyone else noticed that brie larson and amy poehler are look alikes.
Brie is going to knock this out of the park. Marvel does not miss.
Imagine a critically acclaimed Oscar winning actress who put so much hard work to play a role only for people to judge the entire movie based on a 1:57 min trailer 
Brie Larson is as interesting as a plank of wood. If she would smile once in while, this might work.
I thought this was a trailer for Captain Marvel. Not a trailer for Brie Larson's one and only facial expression.
It's going to be interesting to see Brie Larson as Captain Marvel, she's usually been in very different and alternative films to Blockbusters. 
Did anyone else think that her line delivery felt a bit emotionless and just kind of off? Almost amateurish, which is strange since I've heard she's usually a good actress. Maybe her body language helps carry the delivery, but otherwise I don't have high hopes.
God damn I love Brie Larson 😍
Anyone else remember Brie Larson from "21 Jump Street?"
Building up.. Brie
I don’t think Brie Larson is the one for this character
Brie Larson is not a good choice for caption marvel
Brie Larson's acting superpower is Resting Bitch Face. I see enough of it IRL. I don't need to "escape" to a movie only to see it there too! The big screen? Not impressed so far. It'll be mediocre box office. But from what I've seen, it might do okay for a Netflix or Amazon release.
been waiting for this trailer for a long time !!! It’s finally here , Kevin Feige made Brie Larson look like a awesome BADASS !!!
I always say this but I don’t see Brie Larson as an all powerful hero it just doesn’t work with me idk I really wanted Charlize Theron to play CM
Wow I knew this would be shitty, but wow. Brie larson is just... awful. 
Brie Larson thought this would break the internet? What a joke.
Brie is really perfect
Am I sexist for thinking she seems horribly miscast? I love her and she's an amazing actress but to me she doesn't look like  a super hero at all. her outfit in the beginning looks like it doesn't fit her and she got it off amazon. wonder woman, black widow, the bald female warriors from black panther. All amazing women superheros but this... looks so low budget.. :/ im disappointed
Brie Larson.....Only has ONE acting face......thats it...thats her 'talent' lol........../looks like she cant poop..........hahahahahah
While many of you guys say Brie looks "bored" I think It's simply because Captain Marvel is serious in this movie. I mean she has a lot to live up to if she's gonna help avenge the fallen heroes. I don't think her character will be one for comedic relief. Think about Thor, he wasn't like that in the beginning. It took hanging out with the Avengers to bring out that personality!
I love Brie Marvel
1:45 I know who u are "brie Larson"😘🔥❤️
Sent this trailer to 6 of my friends who are not super into this stuff but will see the movies and know the MCU. They all thought this was terrible and they all thought Brie Larson was wrong for the role.
Marvel has a pretty good track record of holding up its universe full of diverse characters. I hope Brie "I do not want to hear what a white man has to say" Larson doesn't turn out to be the wrong Jenga brick to leverage this franchise on.
I definitely have an opinion on this trailer, but as a white male, Brie Larson does not care or want me to share it. Which probably means I shouldn't see this movie either. Too bad, cause I was super stoked for it before she said my opinions don't matter. Guess I'll just give my money to something else. Maybe she can refund me for Room and Free Fire since I probably shouldn't of saw those either, my white male gaze judging her performance. I feel so much shame. Sorry, Brie.
Idk man..Larson just has an expressionless face which makes it less exiting. It also feels very much like the trailer for the first ironman where no one really cared at first. Very underwhelming trailer but my hopes are still here
Brie Larson has like 1 expression throughout the whole trailer, Jude Law showed more acting range and he was only in the trailer for 1 second.
I hate to say this but Larson seems bored in thiis, Gal from WW was much more charismatic.
I think Brie Larson perfectly encapsulated how I felt about this trailer... Board and uninspired
I was honestly turned off to this movie because of all the feminist BS that Brie Larson has been spewing. But I'm gonna be honest, this was pretty good and got me interested in the movie. As long as the movie isn't trying to push an agenda or some message about feminism or something and marvel is just tying to make a good movie that has a female lead like DC did with Wonder Woman, then I'm all for it. I can separate the artist from the artwork. I'm gonna wait for reviews though before I spend any money to go see this.
My bathroom soap has more emotional range and depth than Brie Larson in this role.
Is she really a bad actress or is it just the trailer?
Such a non charismatic actress:/
I think I might opt out of this one. The trailer's very underwhelming and Brie Larson looks very uninterested. I'm just not as hyped as I was before watching this.
A pretty bad trailer in my opinion. Showed nothing more than what was already expected, and Brie doesn't seem to be doing too good as Captain Marvel.
Pathetic.. should had chosen a better actress 😝 or at least kept it original with the masculine Captain Marvel from the comic books 🤔
Boring Brie....
Did anyone else die when Nick says"we have no idea what threats are out there" and Brie Larson punches an old lady 😂😂😂
People are too negative. I don't get how you  can make jugdments on the movie and actress based on 2 min of footage. As for the trailer itself it looks amazing
Yeah this just settled any worries I may have had. Larson lookin like a badass. And powerful.
Wonder what that old lady did to piss off Brie Larson ask for her number 😉
I have absolutely no interest in seeing this man hating feminazi actress Bree Larson. Also, this character in the comics was raped by a cosmic entity, had a son that turned out to be that entity and she married it. So she married her son.
wow! thats the actress from The Room 2015 movie
It doesn’t look as good as I thought it would be I’m not hating I adore Brie Larson I just think it can be better
They needed a more mature looking actress
Actress looks like she's not interested.
I dont like the actress they chose much
1:21 Lol, that guy has more emotion than Brie does in the entire trailer.
She's so awful, God Brie Larson sucks as an actress.
When I first watched this trailer, it did feel somewhat bland to me.  But after repeated viewings, I actually feel rather excitied.  Not "Super Hyped" as some people would say, but my interest is definitely peaked.  About those who say she doesn't smile, I do see her smile a few times.  They're not long drawn out takes.  They're very brief but just long enough to catch a glimpse a nice smile.  I think the main problem is that there is not much emotion in her voice.  That is what I believe irks most people.
Brie Larson looks badass. Hope Avengers 4 have a scene between Captain Marvel and Captain America.
Fuckin hate this actress. Honestly feel like she’s gonna ruin the movie for me.
I wasn't sure about this movie.  But in one trailer, I saw a Blockbuster video chirp AND Brie Larson punch an old lady in the face (obvi a Skrull but still).  I will be seeing this opening night.
Im really not a fan of the actress, otherwise looks good
Is this the actress in king Kong skull island
I was worried about this movie because of Brie Larson to be honest, she just didn't seem to make the character very interesting, particularly next to Tony Stark and Natasha Romanoff, but I am reminded this is a Marvel movie, so it should still find a way to work. Also she isn't that bad. Her facial expressions are the problem. Glad to know I am not alone in my concerns though.
Carol Danvers in one of my fave characters from the comics and Brie Larson just doesn't feel right to portray her. She lacks the charisma and powerful impact Carol should ooze from every pore. Sorry, Marvel, but I'm going to sit this one out.
I really don’t like how emotionless Brie Larson sounds in this. I enjoy the music though. I just hope she doesn’t end up as a perfect Superman character. The movies probably gonna be good but if this trailer was supposed to make me excited than it’s not doing its job very well
I heard a theory going around the internet that Nick Fury knew to contact Captain Marvel at the end of Avengers: Infinity War because when Dr Strange was meditating & looking at the possible futures, when he finally saw the future where the Avengers had won, he realized that Captain Marvel was there & found out that Nick Fury was a friend of Captain Marvel & he astrally projected himself into the past & met both of them & briefed them about the future when Thanos snaps his finger & wipes out half the universe then Nick Fury must contact Captain Marvel to assist the Avengers in the Avengers 4 movie & also that's how Hydra knows about Dr Strange in Captain America: The Winter Soldier even though the Dr Strange movie is after The Winter Soldier  - If it is true will it be a post credit scene?
Got bad vibes for marvel, I thought Brie Larson was a good pick, but after this I feel that she has the same facial reaction in every scene....will she be acting any or just starting I to space all film with the same look on her face. Not even close to her reactions in KONG...seems a little ehh whatever to me.
God damn it my god Brie
Looks great! Brie looks perfect as Catain Marvel. Can't wait for this!
Okay. Im not a hater but i still think they got the wrong actress. She doesnt look like someone who can compete with Wonder Woman
#1 on trending. I have a whole new respect for captain marvel and brie Larson
So, I'm the loser that counted: we only see her face 19 times, 16 of which form a tribute to Kristen Stewart. :) But, I don't think that's because the actress or movie are boring; it's because this short trailer prioritized action shots, which happened to include lots of hero-serious-face in them. Don't get your knickers in a knot--I'm sure the movie will be great!  When is Marvel ever not? :)
Brie Larson is horribly miscast in this role. Wow.
Remember guys this is a teaser trailer, yes it was boring but it was only a teaser and not the full trailer. So can everybody chill out and stop hating on Brie, we haven’t seen her in action yet
Looks trash with starbucks larson as i expected
Odio el Cast de brie 💩
This is interesting; the trailer itself is fantastic, but Brie Larson and the actual character of Captain Marvel seems nebulous and very Man of Steel-esque.  It's all about Carol Danvers reflecting about who SHE is, like the DCEU's Clark Kent.  For Captain Marvel to go toe-to-toe with characters like Iron Man and Dr. Strange, I'd expect her to say something snarky, something fun.  This trailer TELLS us that Captain Marvel is a big deal, but we don't get those character moments that prove that.  Instead, the trailer itself and the promises of an epic space journey does the heavy lifting.
How can you have such a bored face with all this Marvel shit going on around you. Damn Brie... damn.
Goddamn just wait until the movie is out before you dismiss it or Brie’s performance as bad
All these people complaining about Brie Larson's facial expressions are dense. What is she shown doing? Standing, walking, fighting, falling, staring, and being surprised but it cuts off before the reaction to surprise would even  be displayed. What do you expect during those situations? Is she supposed to be grinning like an idiot? Is she supposed to be crying? Laughing? Jeez. 
Something is wrong, can't put my finger on why it is  somehow off.....🤔 might be the actual actress who is playing Captain Marvel.   She's pretty bland.
i would willingly let brie larson push me off of a building
NOW THIS Brie Larson, THIS is how you break the internet
i didn`t know i am in  love with brie larson ....
Wow this actually looks incredibly boring. Brie is probably one of the dullest actresses they could have chosen. Almost as Bland as Kristen Stewart.
Cant wait to see brie as captain marvel
So? She punched the old lady for smiling at her? Damn, Brie Larson! You hate smiling that much?
Brie Larson just got lucky with her oscar win. Her acting is really bad. No facial expressions at all.
Does Brie Larson have any other facial expression than bored?
I was a little disappointed when I heard Brie Larson was playing arguably the most kickass (female) superhero of all time, but still thought they could pull together a good movie out of it. After watching this trailer and seeing her making the same let-me-speak-to-your-manager expression throughout I'm very underwhelmed. This is one of my favourite superheroes, why does she always look so damn bored?
i wasnt convinced on brie larson and this trailer makes it worse. i'm still excited for this movie but brie looks sooo bored. wtf
Wish they would look for people who make fight scenes and strikes look sick (like Gina Carano in Haywire) for these roles instead of mainstream actresses specially for the role of Capt. Marvel.  That punch looked pathetic -_-' Fight scenes aren't as important as acting though for such a big budget project, but I'm sure if they actually tried looking for someone who could do both they could find someone perfect for the role.  Just wouldn't be as big a name/attraction as one of the mainstream actresses so we gotta settle for this bs (she is a great actress tho).  Some mainstream actresses have a lot of experience with action/combat movies they should of at least went for one of them'
Brie is just way too plain too be the star of super hero in a blockbuster movie
This looks wack as ever! Boring ass Brie Larson! I will save my money.
Y'all need to chill. The movie is 6 mos away. They'll come out w another trailer that will show more. This trailer was just a peek. Other big movies have done this to promote the movie while not giving much away. And I wouldn't judge Bri Larson for the role until you've seen the movie.
Brie 😍
1:45 she sounds like a teenager. How Brie Larson got the role of Captain Marvel I have no idea. Just cus she won an oscar doesn’t mean she’s right for the role.
brie larson's face has all the emotional range of a concrete wall
My favourite actress since "Room" took my breath
This has a lot of potential! I’m glad they didn’t give us too much information so we can’t figure out the plot quite yet. And while she seems like a great actress, i just don’t think she fits the role?? Like when i think captain marvel, i think a very strong woman with a confident voice and aura. Not saying she can’t prove to have any of those things, but i just didn’t see it. i mean, it was only a 2 minute video; it might be better then i think
Why is the actress playing Captain Marvel feel so... how do I say this "uninteresting" or "boring".
Not a good actress choice
They shoulda cast a hotter actress. idk her face is so boring
Brie Larson is someone who's known for acting in boring, art films. Hope this changes her career graph
Honestly felt the DC counterpart was better this time. Wonder Woman (plus her debut in Bats vs Supes) was badass af. Don't know if it's lack of acting prowess on Brie Larson's part or was this depiction of Cap Marv just kinda...ehh. Feels more like a special guest appearance on Agents of SHIELD than a full length film.
Wow, they picked not an attractive actress to play as captain marvel. Not really a wise choice.
BTW:  Play this without sound.  It may be the most ridiculous thing ever.  This actress has the most generic white female look yet in an action  movie.
"Brie Larson is mean"
Looks utterly forgettable, And Brie Larson looks unbelievably dull. The only things that worked for me was the Sam Jackson and Clark Greg cgi, and the shot of Jude law. Other than that, it looks awful.
If this trailer was meant to hype me up, it failed.  Brie Larson was just about the worst choice of actress Marvel could have made - the same botox-like emotionless expression over and over, zero charisma, zero effort, zero impact.
For me the character doesn't match the actress 🙄
The vibe I'm getting from this trailer is part Man of Steel, part Green Lantern, and a little sprinkle of Affleck as Batman. I think Rhonda Roussey would have been a better actor for this role. Larson looks too much like VanCamp
Well that was.......kinda real generic and plain, both the trailer itself and Brie. There was no life or energy to any of it or anyone in it.
It costs extra for Brie to portray more than one emotion, wait for the alleged sequel for that.
Come on Brie I've seen you act before you can do better than this. Hopefully this is just a bad trailer and not just 90 mins of -_-
This movie better blow my mind ... love Brie !!
I love brie larson.
I'm Hypppeeddd! Captain Marvel will lead the MCU for the next 10 years! Brie Larson is going to kill it!
Brie Larson has the same face that I have every day.
captain MEHvel. This trailer was so MEH. already skipped black panther, and ant man 2 since they dont interest me, now captain mehvel is one of em too. Also Brie larson's line delivery just makes me cringe. I'll just wait patiently for the next avengers film since infinity war was freakin amazing!
Brie Larson will rock as Captain Marvel..... She's a great actress.. love the trailer. 😍😍
I love sexy, Brie.
god i can think of a million better casting choices ...     Larson? bad one
Fun fact from the set... A very jealous Brie Larson punched that old lady in the face because she could convey more expression than Brie...
Bruh, is this coming out on the WB channel along side Green Arrow? Cuz that chick looks like a tv actor. This cant be a movie coming out at the theater. It looks low budget AF. I would not even pay the early bird showing price at a theater to see this trash. Let me help you guys out at Marvel Studios. Fire that chick and hire a real movie quality actress. Hire Saoirse Ronan, and you will have a blockbuster hit, a movie classic that they will be watching till the end of time. Thank you 🙏✌️
Can't get behind an actress with no ass.. Pun intended
Looks uninteresting just like Brie Laeson's constant expression
Can anyone recommend a good Brie Larson film? What is her best performance?
Why so serious Brie?
A block of wood has more charisma then Brie Larson.
Brie larson😞 i am sorry But no !! Bad actress selection..
I'm intrigued by this trailer, I think it looks promising. An alien invasion could make for an interesting plot, and it's a nice callback (or call-forward) to the first Avengers movie. People are saying that Brie Larson comes off as flat, but other than the monologue and a sequence of five second snippets from various scenes we don't have a lot to go by yet. Which might be a good thing, because many trailers fall into the trap of revealing too much. I have next no former experience with Captain Marvel, but to me the character looks interesting. I am also hoping that Fury and Coulson will get some decent screen time in this movie, since Fury seems to have been reduced to a cameo in the latest movies. Coulson does of course have Agents of Shield, but I haven't gotten around to watching all of it yet. Also it feels different to see him on the big screen.
Brie larson rock this
Boring trailer w a wooden actress. This won’t do well in the theaters. 
HOLY SHIT IM SHAKING CAN’T WAIT 😁😆😆 I love Bri Larson can’t wait to she her shine as a hero!!
Kristen Steward have a real contender for the actress who can make the best variety of facial expressions!
And don't go all sexist on me, you internet pricks, Marvel chose her PRECISELY BECAUSE the swell of her hips is so enticing. Would you rather see Mama June in the costume? Go right ahead: make your own little $2.50 backyard movie on your iPhone - I'd rather watch Brie fill out that cossie...
Even Kristen Stewart has a greater range of facial expression and ability to emote. Out of all the amazing, beautiful, talented actresses they could potentially have chosen..... Wtf were they thinking?
Bree Larson is gorgeous
Wasn't hyped for this. Probably due to superhero fatigue on top of not liking the casting choice of this actress for the role of captain Marvel
I would've liked this trailer but I'm not a Brie Larson fan, so I'm skeptical.
This just does not excite me like the Wonder Woman Trailer...Nothing jumps out at you and Brie Larson does not command the screen like Gal Gadot did.
They done messed this up before it even came out with casting this cherubic white girl. I want to the classic Ms. Marvel with the tight one-suit black/dark blue bikini and mask. Now that was sexy! I'm all about a hot chick who also kicks ass, not this namby namby millenial MeToo crap these days. This Brie Larson chick be like that one sorority girl who's trying too hard to fit the part with all the hot chicks in da house!
Brie larson: hEY WaNNa bReAK tHE iNtERneT T0m0Rr0W?
I wish I didn't hate Brie Larson
The many emotionless and lifeless faces of Brie Capitan Marvel. She look like a dead tree!!
brie aksen nya jaksel banget
Look at all the insecure snowflakes complain about how Brie is a badass serious person.
YES! I am pumped! I love Brie, she makes a great Cap Marvel!
I enjoyed it because in some shots Brie Larson almost had a facial expression
Is it just me, or does Brie Larson remind me of Summer Glau??
Love Brie Larson since United States Of Tara, so glad she is doing so good <3
The actress choice is a flop
wow this actress looks so bored
I'm not sure about this trailer or movie or how it fits in but there is one thing I know for sure....there was a much better choice out there than Brie Larson. It just doesn't feel or look right and I actually like her as an actress (or at least some of the roles she's played).
Meh... Brie Larson is so bland looking. At least the Mohawk Cowl is there.
I like the suit. Brie Larson was a good choice for Captain Marvel.
My name is Hannah & I love Brie Larson!!!
lol. Worst actress. No expression. Marvel please next time pick a worthy talented actress for future solo female superhero movie. Too disappointed with trailer as well as Brie Larson. 😑😞
Hmmmm. First impression; not impressed. Hope I'm wrong though. Brie just doesn't fit the character for me personally but we'll have to wait and see.
This is so gonna bomb. Nothing against the actress but she's a really bad choice for the role.
Brie looks stunning 😍
Why are people keep saying brie Larson cant act?
Is it just me or does Brie’s voice sound sexy?😂
I don'tget all the trailer hate? just because a trailer doesn't spoil the best moments like most other marvel films do- thata actually a refreshingly good thing. This trailer seems to aim for the purpose of intruiging the audience about her STORY and isn't about the action alone and that is also refreshing, particularly as its exactly wat marvel needs to do with a character like her being only now introduced. I'll b honest its not at all what i was expecting plot wise but that just shows marvel is shaking things up- would u prefer a rehash of ironman or CATFA? No, i for one am ooking forward to it. Another things that i wasn't expecting and is yet another refreshing change of pace is that it looks to be non-linear- delving into her past with her memories distorted/scattered. People need to stop hating- if u want this movie to be bad because u dont like Brie or a female led film then shut up because just because that's your opinion doesn't mean it atuomatically will come true!
Brie Larson is the love of my life. Fantastic trailer!
I didn’t know much about Brie Larson until she was cast in this film. From everything that I’ve read and seen, I don’t like her as a person and won’t be going to see this movie. Then I went and spent some time learning about Captain Marvel and it’s a poorly written character shoved down the throats of comic book fans. It’s went through like 7 different relaunches because of poor sales. I enjoyed wonder woman and black panther, but I hoped Marvel hasn’t lost their minds and started going woke so they could go broke.
This looks so bad!! MCU is dead if this is the future. Looks boring and brie larson is ugly.
nah brie Larson was not a great choice for it
Bree Larson looks super cool as Cap Marvel. Hope fully she gets to wear the red&blue suit instead of the ugly cgi green one.
Idk why people are upset that we didn’t see huge spoilers as if knowing and seeing what will happen beforehand doesn’t take the magic from the actual movie. I’d be concerned if they DID include a bunch of crazy scenes, especially since this movie is meant to establish a new character, old characters’ origins, and a completely different time period as opposed to just inserting a character we already know about in a setting we’re familiar with. I think it shows a lot of promise and I am sure the next trailer will reveal more about who she is as a person because we didn’t get to see Brie act very much, and it makes perfect sense as to why given the fact that there are just way too many things to cover. Think of this as the foundation of which everything else will build off from. I personally really loved it and I’m so, so excited to see how this connects to avengers 4.
Smh first fans say "they're revealing too much in these trailers" and now "omg it's so boring the actress has the same face for two minutes" like you can't please them anymore. Its a two minute trailer, what do you want, the whole plot revealed??? Also recent marvel movies have had simple first trailers, just wait for the second one. At least be happy we are getting closer to the A4 title, but stop spouting nonsense about a movie you've only seen 2 minutes of.
I love the Captain Marvel character and Brie Larson, but this trailer didn't do much for me personally.  I don't think punching a grandma is a good way to introduce the character, even though us sweaty nerds know she's a Skrull, most people don't. Hopefully the second trailer gives us a better scope of the story. Can't wait to see Ronan again!
I thought the trailer wasn’t bad, I’m not a big fan of Brie Larson but we all can agree...
Looks great. Except for Brie Larson's acting. There's supposed stiffness because her character's arc yes, but this sort of stiffness is just........ugh..... unpalatable.
If anybody's interested in talking about anything besides the granny-slap or the actresses expression, hit me up.
I'm still rooting for this even if many people says that brie larson is gonna suck
wow didn't expect brie larson would ever star in a marvel movie.
In a 2 minute video we can already tell that she's not good actress and this entire entire movie sucks
Not a fan of the howling noise that persisted through the whole trailer it sounded more like a sound effect than background music... also actress seems super bland and emotionless.
i dont like the actress.. face is too puffy
I have a crush on Brie Larson
Dude Brie is so hot
This actress has the emotional range of a frying pan
The choice of actress is a let down but still going to see it!
I knew from the second I heard Brie was cast as Captain Marvel that it was a poor casting decision...pretty sure I was right...
There are better actresses there for this character.
Really excited for this movie! Probably going to go see it on my Birthday next year. I’m kind of concerned with the seriousness though. I thought Captain Marvel was supposed to be a bit more humorous and a bit cocky. I’m not knocking Brie Larson’s acting ability heck she won an Oscar at age 25. I just don’t want her to be an uptight Mary Sue.
Brie Larson: -_- *throughout the whole movie*
Wow, Brie Larson looks as excited to be in this movie as I do to see it.
I love this trailer! Im so ready for this and A4 and i love Brie Larson anyways from SPVTW
I’m interested, but I’m hoping the actress in the lead does a better job than what I’m seeing and hearing....I don’t know I just need more from her energy....
That old lady must’ve been a Skrull lol! The actress is perfect for the part!!! Most marvel heroes look bored you dorks.
This looks promising. I'm looking forward to this film. The cast is incredible, and I thoroughly admire the visuals. Bree Larson is a wonderful actress, and she is very dedicated to her craft. What a wonderful addition to the Marvel Cinematic Universe! She will do a wonderful job playing the character of "Carol Danvers". Fantastic job, Marvel!
OK. Here r my thoughts. I thought this was a pretty solid trailer. My biggest concern though-just getting this out of the way-is Brie Larson's bland expression throughout a good chunk of this. Damnit woman, you are an oscar winner. ACT!!! Hopefully this is just part of her character for maybe the first act of the story, and they are going with a fish out of water approach. I'm staying optimistic about this. 
Is it just me, or does Brie seem a bit stale in this performance so far?
Seriously people giving her hate for no reason she's an amazing actress. Watch Room first than make comments.
Brie: 1:30
If only Brie wasn’t a stupid feminazi in real life. Sigh....
I am soo HYPE for this movie!! Bri Larson as Carol Danvers as THE Captain Marvel! She's gonna kick ass in this! And a young Nick Fury?! Samuel Jackson is a LEGEND. And then the return of Phil Coulson in the MCU movie's!! This movie is gonna be EPIC!!!
The trailer's fine. Not great, just fine. I've felt since the start that Larson was a bit young for the role, but she's not a bad actress (Room was really good). I think this may end up being one of those movies that is good, but is really hard to advertise well. The example that leaps immediately to mind is The Cable Guy. Good movie, solid dark comedy, but the trailers for it were AWFUL. This trailer, at least, isn't awful. Like I said; it's fine. :)
Wonder Woman in the current DC films shows female superheros can be compelling and badass, but Brie Larson is not doing it for me.
oohh Brie Larson 😍😍😍
Brie Larson is the perfect match for this role \m/
Brie Larsen is a shit actress so i have no hope for it not to mention captain marvel is a very boring one dimensional character with a superiority complex that makes her annoying 👎👎👌
listen what brie says @ 0:54 minutes.
Also Brie seems way too timid for the role,  Carol Danvers in the comcis is a A grade bitch,  this one talks like a meek schoolgirl.
I am not sure about brie Larson she doesn't suit this role... But who knows we'll see how the movie turn up
Brie Larson is actually an amazing actress...although she doesn’t fit the appearance of a superhero. Looks like an average mom @ a grocery store. Looks underwhelming
Milla Jovovich (Plays Alice in Resident Evil) would have made an amazing Cpt. Marvel. Brie's presence isn't commanding, her acting is flat, and she doesn't look very powerful.
Jude Law looks like he's having fun, the 0.3 seconds he's on screen. I got sick and bored of Brie Larson's face mere seconds after she appeared. Less CGI, more competent acting, please.
Brie could be a genius actress but I don't feel her in this trailer at all she look bored and has the same facial expressions in the all takes she sound like a little girl idk  it's was mah
Oh God I think they picked the wrong actress, I didn’t get chills like I usually do. She just doesn’t fit the part but I will go see it to be fair
What makes "Her".... You never see male movies where it says what makes "Him" a hero. They had to clarify that it was a woman and not a transgender or gender fluid human being so that's something good because I thought that Brie Larson was a man.
Jesus the actress is bad... Is this the best lines they could have shown off?  Her delivery is so bland and lifeless..
I trust Marvel (enough..). I'm like ehhh ....but let's see. I'm optimistic about it. And Brie is a great actress. I don't know if she was the right fit for this but I'm gonna trust Marvel.
They picked a great actress for Carol Danvers.  Brie Larson is phenomenal and this movie looks awesome
I don't think it's going to be a great movie Brie Larson doesn't convince I hope the real movie it's going to be good
Shitty actress!!!!!
I am so excited for this movie. It looks amazing and Brie Larson is amazing. I was waiting a long time for this.
my life feels like I am watching A DC movie trailer and brie larson’s acting is stupid no facial expressions really  didn’t accepted this from marvel
Meh... As long as it's not a steaming pile of garbage like Wonder Woman. (That everyone gave tremendous slack to also it was DCU so it just looked less bad by comparison.) Frankly, looks like a better actress than Gadot. Seems kind've dark and serious though...
If Brie Larson delivers a bad performance and representation of this character, I hope it wont ruin Avengers 4 and the chemistry of the characters that we have and love now
lead actress is awesome 
Omygosh shes such a bad actress! 😂 She must have one heck of a agent!
I think Brie Larson is the worst casting decision Marvel has ever made for a main superhero. No offence to her as an actor, but she just doesn't fit Carol Danver's look at all.
What the hell was Marvel thinking hiring brie Larson to play Captain Marvel? 
LET'S PRAY BRIE'S ACTING IS GOOD FOR ONCE in this movie and not a resting bitch face expression the entire time like in Kong Skull Island. IDK why they didnt pick a better actress for the role
Brie Larson wanted to " break the Internet" but Henry cavil broke it without saying a word and the trailer came out and the joker's screen test came out
Ms Marvel is sexy but how can you get Brie Larson and put her in that bland suit. We want the sexy black suit
This looks kinda like a better lit DC trailer, and not in a good way. Which is a shame because I really like Brie Larson as an actress.
Brie "I'm bored and only have one facial expression" Larson just doesn't have the screen presence to carry this movie.
This is my first time hearing Bria Larson’s voice it kinda threw me
lemme add with a question... did The Wasp...or the badass chicks of Wakanda kinda stole the thunder from Carol Danvers' asskicking debut here.... cuz, i'm just soooooo underwhelmed by Brie..and the whole trailer, as a matter of fact.
Brie larson is so hot
i've never heard brie larson's voice before.... i always imagined her voice would be deep... guess i was wrong lol
Shoulda chosen a different actress
Brie Larson punching Grandmom isn’t much of a stretch from when she said a black guy was trying to rape her for just giving her a compliment
The many faces of Brie Larson
I dont get the 'underwhelming' response. It's a teaser. AND its bloody exciting. I'm so hyped for this film!!! I love the shot of Carol Danvers on the rope with face close up! Brie Larson looks terrific as her! What a good choice!!
Starring Brie Larson, Samuel L.Jackson, Jude Law, with special guest appearance by Blockbuster Video.
Brie Larson is awesome 😍😍😍😍
Same expression as brie after seeing this trailer.....😑
My dislike just because they cast Brie Larson as Miss Marvel their are numerous female actresses who can make that character their own like how RDJ didn't just acted as Tony Stark but became one similarly Hugh Jackman for Wolverine and Ryan Reynolds as Deadpool, Chris Hemsworth as Thor and Chris Evans as Captain America.
Huge disappointment, Brie Larson looks terrible, same face throughout the entire trailer, no expression whatsoever
I was hoping that Olivia Wilde was going to play Captain Marvel. Brie Larson's acting is meh. She needs more edge, or she'll come off dull like Superman. That's the problem with super powerful characters, they don't translate well. The studio will give us the same old backstory to try to make her relatable, showing us her childhood and something tragic blah blah blah. I don't care about her being a little girl. I don't need that much of a back story. I hope they keep it simple. Start from her life in the Air Force, show how bad ass she is, move on to the powers, and introduce the Skrulls.
I'm not much into superhero movies and probably won't watch this, but Brie Larson has such a nice voice. She'd be the only reason I would consider it
I like the trailer, but let´s face it, Hnery Cavill with the mosutache has more expresion in his face that Brie Larson in this trailer
Underpaid or low budget actress?
When I heard Brie Larson is going to be Captain Marvel, I wasn't sure if she could pull it off. I am not saying she isn't a good actor. But sometimes talented actors can't pull off a simple character. I am sorry that I am going to compare this with Wonder woman/ Gal Gadot.
What a bad actress. The only part I’m excited for is Samuel Jackson being a cop.
I don't like the actress.. Captain marvel should be like hela..that would be cool.. Otherwise this movie will be totally bullshit
Brie Larson sounds flat in this trailer
it suits you brie!! 🤘
Do people not understand that Captain Marvel's legitimately SUPPOSED to be an unimpressed smart-ass? I find it really annoying that the majority of everyone in the comments are talking about how "bored" and "annoyed" Brie Larson looks. She literally is doing what Captain Marvel would do. It's not the actor being bored for the sake of being bored, it's part of her character. I mean, if you are that unsatisfied by the way this movie looks just from the trailer and Brie's acting, I would nicely recommend studying Captain Marvel a bit more. I don't think it's fair to say negative things about Brie Larson's acting because people don't know a lot about Captain Marvel.
Marvel picked the wrong actress for this role.
OmG YESSS I know that Brie is going to do AMAZING! <3 
Larson looks completely disinterested in being this character. She's got a bad case of "same expression in every scene".
Larson cant act. Any one of these great actresses would of been better: Jane Levy, Cara Delevingne,  Olivia Wilde, Lindsay Lohan. Margot Robbie, or Sophie Turner.
Things I disliked: Larson's bored/smug look through the whole thing, cinematography (my biggest concern) looks like a slightly more expensive TV show.
I see people arguing about them picking Brie over a trailer. I mean come on people, there has been a lot of thought put into the casting, I’m certain this movie will be epic just like every other Marvel Movie (Excluding Thor: The Dark World and Iron Man 2). Remember this is a Marvel Movie not a DC one, lul.
They could have got a better actress for this role
Brie Larson is going to do a great job in the MCU! I honestly can not WAIT to see the movie!!!!!!!!!
Brie Larson is lit AF!! 😍😍😍😍
Brie Larson , shes awesome in the trailer...! Go defeat all the Marvel superheroes because your just awesome ...! I like her
Other than the one scene in the car where we see a smile for a split second, Brie has the exact same facial expression in almost every other scene in this trailer.  It's that resting face without any expression.
I was super scared that Captain Marvel was going to be some crazy Thanos killing ex machina, but this actually looks pretty awesome. Brie Larson seems to be a much better cast than I originally thought... the whole prequel idea is extremely smart, establishing her character before her eventual Thanos intervention. I’m excited for it now!
What's with the whole "Smile More" thing? She's fighting a war-no one's going to be all smiles when they're fighting. Frankly, Brie Larson looks absolutely bad-ass in this role, and trailer makes the movie seem intense and engaging. Let's hope that pans out. I love strong female characters and I will be thrilled if Captain Marvel turns out to be one in the movies
it kind of feels a bit weird because Brie is not "acting" badass like yk how comics portray captain marvel. soo
Brie Larson is a sexist pig. Flip her AND Captain Marvel.
aww. ma gawd. it's another MARVEL movie it's gonna be great. Seriously tho, I am just excited about Brie Larson cus she's SUUUPPPEEER hot. The movie itself, meh (based on the trailer at least, kinda reminds me of that green lantern movie).
A lot of people don't like this trailer. People think Brie Larson was a bad pick or, think Carol's a Mary-Sue or something along those lines. Personally, I'm VERY excited for this movie. Here are some ideas for the people who don't agree. 
And the award for the actress who obviously doesn't want to be in this picture goes to ...
Theres something about the voice work, brie sounds too twangy too much sass. Obv she is an incredible actress and will pull through in the end as all of you pricks have made it clear u are not happy with her.
Can't wait to watch Brie Larson make 3 faces for two hours.
Trailer is good but I think the movie will be fabulous @brie larson
Brie Larson, is really, really, REALLY attractive.
I don't see what people's problem with this trailer is honestly. It looks well shot, that cast looks great, the cgi is surprisingly good looking, and it shows enough to already intriuge us about Captain Marvel's past. As for brie larson being emotionless, umm maybe because they hardly showed her talking at all? Most of the shots shown are of her being mostly serious so what do people expect?
Why does she sound like a little girl ? I think Brie is a great actress but jeez the lines she’s saying look and sound weak.
I am not seeing any emotion from Larson but maybe that's the trailer hiding stuff from us.
I didn’t find Brie attractive in 21 jump street, but for some reason I do now😦
A lot of people seem to be prematurely judging this movie, as well as Brie Larson's acting. It's kinda ridiculous for anyone to think that they can cast Captain Marvel better than Marvel can just from watching a 2 minute teaser trailer...
We all know this is probably going to be a political interjection filled movie too, given past statements from the filmmakers and Brie Larson herself and their social and political views, so meh. Captain Marvel has gone way downhill in the comics, and I'm not impressed by this trailer. I'm more hyped to see Nick Fury and Ronan than Captain Marvel.
You are right Brie, I thought you were an actress. Turns out you were just a wooden doll this entire time. Take some damn acting classes, you have one expression of boring confusion in every scene in this trailer.
I always think that Natalie Dormer would be a better casting choice. Hopefully Brie will prove me wrong!
Brie Larson 😍😍😍
meh, acting from brie Larson isn't her usual
Prefer short haired Carol...not a fan of this actress as her.. :(
One of those situations where the music is better than the trailer, still, it is *only* the first trailer that’s out so we shouldn’t judge it too hard just yet, loved the Blockbuster reference though! I’m still iffy on Brie Larson’s casting, personally I thought Natalie Dormer was a better choice, but who knows Larson could pull through, I’m giving it a chance ✌🏻
Awesome Love you Samuel love You Brie Larson
It looks generic. She doesn't feel like an character who will save the world. Take superman for example. You feel like this guy is powerful, he's meant to do great things. I just don't get that feeling with this. I think Brie was a bad choise for this role.
WOW! Brie's gonna nailed it!!!!
I'm so damn excited to see Brie in action as Carol! She is so amazing 😍
Brie Larson has the emotional range of a rock.
I love Brie Larson. Watch her interviews with Craig Ferguson and you'll feel the same way. Funny, smart, and pretty. She is also a good actress ex. The Room. This trailer was not good, but don't crap on her yet. Watch the actual movie, then hate if you want. But I'm sure she is going to kick a$$.
Brie Larson won Oscar for her acting in Room, people. So no, Marvel don't pick wrong actress to play Captain Marvel, and yes, she will play MAJOR ROLE in Avengers 4, so get your ass shut the hell up before you actually see this in theater.
Brie Larson - Let's break the Internet
I will watch this just because of the next Infinity War, i don't want to judge movie by it's trailer but my first impression to this movie is quite average, Brie looks beautiful tho for me. I hope this movie doesn't end up "too dissapointing", at least make the Captain Marvel is likeable for next IW.
If only Scarlett Johansson could play Captain Marvel.. but maybe Brie will actually be good in the movie.
I still hate Brie Larson. She isnt good actress. The role should've played by someone else. For example, Charlize Theron, cause normally Captain Marvel should've been 35-40s, not 20s
brie larson has a strong voice.
Ok, I was looking forward to this movie, but Brie Larson comes across as too childlike for the role, especially her voice.  She's gonna be a hard sell as Captain Marvel.
Bring it. The return of Sam Jackson and Clark Gregg, even if it's backstory, is very welcome and Brie very much looks the part. Looking forward to her snapping off Thanos's clicking fingers.
Why does Brie Larson have such bad expressions?
This is going to be 2x better just because Brie Larson is Captain Marvel.
Questioned the casting from the moment they announced Brie Larson. This trailer did not make it any more convincing.
Captain Cyborgface staring Brie Fartson....
This is fire.. brie Larson literally embrace the role... another billion movie to marvel... good for you marvel **fire**
I don't know. Brie Larson is not the super hero type
God that looks freaking stupid. That lady has one facial expression and the charisma of a potato.  This looks like they needed a "women are everything" movie where this potato actress is like indestructible magic lady. Girl power and all that jazz. 
I think Brie Larson has time to prove herself a little. Maybe I agree a little, Brie’s acting looks kinda bored and it’s usually not a good thing to bring in a character last minute like this, but give it time guys!
Whoever that actress is, she lacks charisma.... It's a good thing Samuel Jackson is there.... xD
I am not what you think i am...You are an ordinary actress nothing else....just entertain the viewers...
First of all, why Brie? Yes she has an Oscar caliber of acting, but she's not a super hero type of girl. Why not Charlize Theron or Kate Beckinsale, Sienna Miller, Natalie Dormer or any other actresses who has a wild side (Kate "Hella" Blancet and Scarlett "Widow" for the example), bad girl but also smooth inside, wise, reckless and charismatic. It's more like the woman's version of Stark. Not the techie things, but the character. 
30% comments: bria larson shows no emotion as captain marvel
Brie Larson seems corny in the role
Single expression actress
God this movie could have so much potential but Brie Larson's acting already looks god awful. I never though she was a very good actress and i think they could have got someone way better but they were probably over budget already with all those big time actors they already had so fingers crossed but calling it now, this is probably gonna suck .
just a trailer but Larson's delivery seems a bit wooden
I know she gets every tough female role these days but Charlize Theron would've been a better Captain Marvel. Brie's voice just isn't superhero quality.
Brie's gonna kill it
Room has really propelled Brie Larson's career, so happy that she's doing very well. From being an Oscar winner to being Captain Marvel. GO BRIE!!!
The only criticism of this trailer that I have is the fact that the scene in which she punches the old lady was cut terribly. The camera angle should’ve covered the gap between her fist and her face. Yet, the cameraman left that wide open and you can now see the gaping punch. Either way, the cameraman should’ve helped cover the gap or Brie should’ve brought the punch closer to the woman’s face. 
Let's go Brie Larson🔥🔥. Marvel better do our captain justice. She crash lands on Earth then the Skrulls follow. Not a coincidence. This story is gonna be awesome!!
i hate everything about the actress playing her, from the way her face looks so emotionless and her high pitched voice sounds like a baby. something doesn't feel right
I just don't really see Larson as being the character superhero, she just looks like a mundane actress wearing costumes. The scenes of her with the others on the green uniforms makes me think of Green Lantern.  lol  (I know the original Kree uniform in the comics was green and white, but in the movie they even make that green and greenish-dark grey)
does brie larson have a single emotion? it sounds like she phoned it in
Brie Larson Bored At The Grocery Store. what else is there to say
I dont like brie larson but this movie is going to be good
my least anticipated movie for next year. Anyway we can expect a 90% plus on RT anyway. And maybe larson would get an oscar for her expressionless acting too.
What have they fone to brie Larson's voice😂
Brie Larson is a bad choice for this charecter and studio gonna regret that decision.
Its a good thing these movies all tie together cause if this was a stand alone id head for a fallout shelter now.  Mary sue to the rescue and if you dont like then your a bigot just ask Brie.
This trailer makes Brie Larson look like she's got zero charisma. *stares intensely* I can't help but think Katie Sackhoff would have done better.
Brie Larson is the secret daughter of Steven Seagal and inherited all his acting skills...
Brie Larson doesn't has facial expressions... is an apatic and bored character with powers. The cast was bad. Prefer Emily Blunt or Charlize Theron.
I'm not what you think I'm. Brie ❣
Brie Larsen has the charisma of a wet paper bag and the emotional range of a skittle. What an awful casting choice. This is going to be a trashfire.
Oh wait thats a Marvel movie? Theres no way this boring uninspired low budget knockoff green lantern sequel is the next marvel movie. Just stahp! And brie larson? The woman who has less expression than a block of wood?
I still can't decide whether I like Brie Larson as Captain Marvel, but I will withhold judgment until I see the movie. Regardless, I love the take so far, and the opening of her crashing into a Blockbuster is prime.
I think Marvel should have cast charismatic actress instead of her. I don't see any charisma from her.
Lol! Brie is so great. She trolled the haters 😂😂
mmmm am I the only one who feels like they definitely could’ve cast a better female actress in this role? Maybe even an unknown up and coming actress? Bri Larson just looks so off. She’s not an action hero and (I know imma get shit for this) isn’t built like one either. The folks at Marvel made Paul Rudd work to get a six pack n he’s pushing 50, hell they made Chris Pratt completely flip his life around from being borderline obese to a muscle beast annnnnd Bri doesn’t even look like she jogged for this role. Kind of a let down. Aside from physicality people just don’t embody an action hero, and she’s one of them. You can’t make an actress be good at playing action hero by slapping a dumbass costume on them, they have to actually fit. Just like Steve Buscemi was never cast for a superhero role, neither should Bri Larson have.
i don't like Brie Larson as Captain Marvel. I'd rather Jessica Chastain
lets just hope this movie doesnt flop..and that brie larson can actually show emotion
so cool Brie Larson ❤️
Hype Brie Larsson!!!!🔴
Tbh I didn’t really like this trailer but looking back at other marvel trailers they’re all pretty mediocre and meh, but i gotta say im definitely gonna watch this since brie is one of my fav actresses and does a good job of it (even though this trailer made her seem pretty lame) if u don’t believe me, watch short term 12 or room they’re good movies that show her potential, plus she won an oscar so theres that.
Supremely generic. Brie is too good for this shit.
heres the deal. the movie is still 6 months off and thus there's still a tremendous amount of post-production work to be done (including potential re-shoots, CGI animation rendering), so they can't show everything in this trailer even if they wanted too. second, shes meant to be a badass, if she was super emotional and overly-sensitive you'd be complaining about that too. I watched it on a large screen with the sound cranked up and I actually liked it, Im definitely excited for this! Bring it on Brie!
I always loved captain marvel. When they announced that captain marvel was coming to mcu and her movie was going to release in 2019 I was so hyped. I was curious to see who was going to be the marvel I loved. Then I saw it was Brie Larson and I couldn’t be more happier. She is perfect for the roll of captain marvel she even looks like her! She totally looks the same except her eye color is just not blue but still. I loved her room and she’s an amazing person too. I’m so happy and this trailer is my dream too. Thank you marvel. Can’t to see her go binary in the theatre at big screen. SO HYPED
Kinda feels like the costume is too big for the actress.
Brie Lawson is getting too old.
poor tht old lady get punch by brie larson
Well damn, looks like Feige might have another hit in his hands..... Super Saiyan Brie looks amazing.
Buena elección Marvel. Brie Larson está preciosa ♡.♡ y es una gran actriz. La sigo desde que salió en Scott Pilgrim.. todas sus películas me encantan.
"I don't want to hear what a white man has to say." - Brie Larson
Houston...we have a problem. Brie Larson can't act.
From what I remember Brie Larson was pretty weak in Kong Skull Island. I'm not expecting too much from this film. We haven't even been introduced to a villain yet (except the grandma, rip)
Brie Larson told me this movie isn't for me. The addition of "A HERo" seems to indicate this is also not for me because of my gender. So, I'll be skipping this nonsense. Enjoy your gender/race politics.
lol grocery store expression! ... Bree is a terrible actress.
What will that asshead brie Larson say about masculinity I wonder
FEELING PITY for those, who judging brie larson for acting or non-sexy look 😥
I felt as bored throughout the trailer as the look on Brie's face throughout the trailer.
The many face of Brie Larson...
brie Larson doesn't suit as Captain marvel😕
Brie Larson is boring and yucky. Although it does look like Marvel may have forced her to at least wash her hair for this...
So Captain Marvel has a negative shade as we saw in the end..Doesn't bother !! She is going to rock !!! Hit like for Brie Larson.
I've seen dead bodies with more facial expressions them Brie Larson
Bring on the 90s fever baby! Brie Larson looking alluring too...
Wow! brie Larson looking superb and teaser was good
I don’t like Brie Larson. she’s a b***, however this looks good. Marvel doesn’t disappoint
Maybe it's only. Every time I saw Brie Larson. She looks just like Heath Ledgers.
Oh come on, a dead fish has more personality then that actress..
Could've used a better actor than Brie Larson.  👎
this will suck.its going to be the worse marvel film to date if its even possiable.its not that i dislike marvel pr bre larson.i just cant see her pushing this entire movie solo
Hmm... Brie Larson (As I've read from the comments.), she seems familiar... I think I've watched a movie of her, once. If I remember correctly, it was romance... Hmmm. I forgot... WAAAAAAAH! I'm so *curious* .
She's just so.... mediocre.... of an actress.... 
Who all thinks Michael Douglas' Hank Pym is gonna be in this movie? Henry Pym was in Kree Skrull War comics and its the perfect timeline. I think she will be the one that gets Scott out of the quantum realm. Oh yeah, Brie Larson is emotionless but still looks Fire!!! 😍😍😍 I'm sure she'll bust a smile at some point!
Stop hating on Brie Larson. She is beautiful and if you think about it most trailers are trash thats y I hate watching them before a big movie. So ye. I'm pretty excited and leave Brie Larson alone.
This looks terrible, ain't gonna let my daughter have Brie as a rolemodel when she said she hates white people.
Complainers be like, "Meh". Uggghhhh. This is a good trailer TBH. Not much spoiled. Give Brie Larson a chance before complaining.
There are so many other actresses far more suitable for the role.....
Oh the (not) so many faces of Brie Larson.
This must be the worst trailer I saw of Marvel, Larson is boring.
Other than the emotionless brie larson, it might be a cool backstory movie.
I'm worried for this film. Brie Larson is seriously monotone and underwhelming.
I love you brie Larson.
This looks almost boring as the main actress face. Congratulations for achieving this lack of enthusiasm and interest just in one trailer. O always thought that only would be possible with DC movies and trailer's. I was wrong...
why brie larson though?
Brie is a soft cow's-milk cheese named after Brie, the French region from which it originated. It is pale in color with a slight grayish tinge under a rind of white mould..... sounds about right 😂😂😂
A mannequin conveys more expression than Brie Larson
wow Brie, the internet sure is broken now, from how shitty this looks.
The trailer looks nice and all but the acting of Brie Larson - the way she deliver the lines - is so weak.
I did not see an actor work from brie larson here
Her voice seems weird in this, which concerns me. I typically love Brie Larson
Not sure about the actress they chose there. I don't know much about Capt. Marvel, but is she supposed to be so lifeless? If yes, then I take back my criticism.
Also, watching it a second time just now gives me this weird Man of Steel vibe. Like the music and the sound the sound that sounds that like thing that was teraforming earth till Super Man stopped it. It's kind of like Brie is playing both Captain Marvel and Super Girl or something.
Brie Larson looks bored.
I think we know who you are Captain Brie!
This Captain Marvel sucks , the actress sucks !!!!!
Happy 29th Birthday Brie Larson as Carol Denvers/ Captain Marvel🎂🎉🎊🎈❤💖.
People critisizing Larson for not havibg "acting skills". Guys, this is just 1 minute long, chill and wait to see the movie. Marvel chose her for some reason idiots 😒
Brie Larson is kinda meh.
Im more excited we get to see sam jackson be more active then for brie larson. Lets hope she proves me wrong
Hit a like for Nick & Brie ❤️
Who knows about the movie, Brie (Isn't that a  moldy crusty on the outside gooey on the inside cheese that isn't good for anything but spreading on crackers)seems in command of the "dower" and boring nature and complimented by a terribly annoying nasal voice which would probably work for the current comic book character. From the trailer it doesn't look like a must see but maybe 99 cent RedBox, which says more about how bad the trailer is as well as how disinclined I am to use RedBox. It/she still looks better than the latest iteration of the comic character to its credit. All the comic book character needs is blue hair, a lip ring, and nose stud. The most dower of all current Marvel comic book characters which has been a relaunch after relaunch failure after failure regarding actual sales of comic books. And the people at Marvel basically say, "we have Disney money now, eat the product and shut the f up." Horrible sales for the current "flag ship character." Captain (current comic iteration) Marvelesbian had nothing to do with comic canon Infinity War which is probably why it was a success, and Carol Danvers is a poor choice substitute for Adam Warlock in the canon story. Hell this review has more views than Cpt Marvel has sold comic books since Carol Danvers took on the Marvel mantle in 1968. I am afraid we are about to see Disney utterly ruin another franchise (Avengers). But the good news is they will release a new trans  Disney princess movie where the She/he is knocked up by a non binary gender fluid beta donor and they harvest the aborted stem cells like pixie dust for the Stan Lee rejuvenation project. As for Ms Larson contempt for any part of her audience especially the demographic that has created the comic book industry ( another savvy business wahmen) she is probably not going to lose any viewers, in fact they should have had her go for the full lesbot persona, except let's face it she looks like a doughy pudge not the lean mean lesbian machine of current iteration or the fully developed bombshell image of the 60s and 70s. At any rate so far no amount of marketing or force feeding has created an audience that has made this character recognizable to anyone outside the primary demographic that follows the genre, which is white males, dumbshit.
The moves of the brie Larson thou HIT LIKE IF YOU LIKE HER
Captain Brie Cheese
Underwhelming. I'm an MCU fanatic and this is the first trailer I've not felt anything. I'm not digging Brie Larson as CM. However, can't base much on one trailer. Hopefully the end results knocks it out the park. Still more excited for the next Wonder Woman.
Guys,that grandma 1:30 would be a skull,so pls don't blame brie for punching her 😂😊😆
Well, that trailer was absolutely bland. There was just nothing about it that was exciting. I think Marvel just won the title for "most underwhelming trailer" from DC Comics with the release of this trailer and the one for Venom. Kristen Stewart showed more emotion in The Twilight Saga and Joaquin Phoenix had more facial expressions in that Joker screen test than Brie Larson showed in this entire trailer.
Looks lame perhaps a better actress,but its too late
Why would they cast an unlikable  actress for the starring role???
had to fap to brie Larson cause of this
Brie Larson's face seems kind of wooden from what we've seen of her in this trailer.
Looks like a made for Netflix movie and Brie Larson fails to impress i have watched more exciting adverts!
This will be a massive flop such a shit actress to play the role.
Brie larson doesn't fit the role. Sounded like annoying highschool girl.flat expression.
Soooo there was no other actress out there to play this role? Had to go with a Mary Sue
I don't like this actress :/ I am really trying to believe in Marvel's casting ability but... It's really hard, this girl has no personality what so ever :( I hope it won't be a total miss...
Brie Larson is a terrible casting choice for such an iconic character. She simply doesn't have the charisma to pull it off. I just might sit this one out.
Horrible Actress!  -.-'
Also lol brie Larson sucks
Legend has it that Brie Larson was only born with one facial expression.
lackluster trailer . didn't get any goosebumps like other marvel trailers .brie Larson has a single expression 😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪
Not feeling it. Also Brie Larsson is sucha soulless husk.
The lead actress has a legitimate case of microexpression.
She is so badass. My new favorite superhero handsdown. Brie Larson is natural beauty So fierce!
I like everything except Brie's voice. When she opens her mouth, it just sort of takes me out.
Really wish it was someone other than Brie Larson. No disrespect, but  her facial expressions consist of one bored look
Brave larson
While I do agree that Brie Larson may not have been the best choice for such a role, I think we should all keep an open mind. Marvel has far from disappointed fans, and the trailer is not even 2 minutes. The movie will probably be around 2h30min long. They might have wanted to show these bland acting scenes for a reason! Stay open minded ;)
It seems more like a TV show because of this actress. I don't get a strong character feeling from her.
I'm a massive Marvel fan, but I gotta say, they dropped the ball on this one. Looks cheap... And the actress is not right at all. I think this is going to be a big disappointment.
More excited to see Nick Fury and Coulson in this movie than Captain Marvel. If Brie Larson didn't use twitter then I probably would have been excited to see her too. I'll definitely be seeing this film, but I wouldn't be surprised if she starts bashing the fan base at some point.
anyone else feel they could have picked a better actress?
I don't understand why these films constantly cast weak looking women in these roles. Gal Gadot and Brie Larson are not physically imposing at all but they're supposed to be warriors...not buying it. What happened to the Brigitte Nelson's or Lucy Lawless types? These women looked powerful yet oozed femininity. Linda Hamilton was ripped in Terminator. If you train to fight in any capacity your body will reflect that, that isn't masculine, it's biology 
I wish they had taken a better looking actress. Why not try an actress from another race, like they did for Wonder Woman?
Marvel's casting is always on point. Throughout ten years and 20 some movies, there is not a single actor who I felt was not perfect in their respective roles. However, I am a bit skeptical about Brie Larson. She has two expressions, bored, and annoyed. But because its marvel, and this is only a trailer, I'll give them a benefit of doubt. 
I heard the actress is a feminist and she doesn't want or need men opinion on the movie.... if true then wtf really
Wow...could Marvel have picked a worse actress? Brie looks disinterested the whole time. THIS is who Marvel's touting as the most important hero in the MCU? Suffice it to say, this may very well be Marvel's first flop. Or at least the next Thor: The Dark World.
Now I'm 100% convinced that the role should've gone to Emily Blunt. Brie has the facial expression range of Plank from Ed Edd n Eddy.
Brie dead face Larson can't act for shit!!! so many dumb asses out there!!!!
Its cringe overload Brie is worse than kristen stewart
Is that Brie Larson
Brie Larson has such a strong jawline that offputs her from what the character really looks like, but ig she’s ok for the role.
Edit: I personally believe the movie will be great based off of Brie Larson’s other movies and marvel studios’ entire cinematic universe
Why are people defending Larson and her B-list acting?  There's a reason people are hating on her casting and lack of facial expression. Not only is having good facial expressions a huge part of being an actor/actress but so is having conviction in your voice so you sound like YOU are the character and not simply reading. Larson is unfortunately one of the few misses of the MCU. She sounds like a child and has the emotional range of a wet towel. And, yes, trailers are marketing for the movie, so don't try and pull that bullshit, "Oh, it's only the first trailer". Why even bother launching marketing for Captain Marvel when you're just gonna give us this lackluster excuse of a trailer? I'm a huge fan of Marvel and have been for years but this was straight up disappointing.
Wait, something is missing or just the actress has no charisma? Too early to judge.
brie larson - the clash at demon head song
This trailer is boring, Brie Larson "acting skills" doesn't help either.
Meh...Brie wasn't the right casting, they have to highlight Her in Hero? GHOSTBUSTERS
It’s the movie we didn’t ask for with the actress we didn’t want
God, I hope they leave that scene where Brie Larson punches the old lady in the face in the movie.
Stop complaining the actress about her emotional guys. I think that was the real emotional of Carol Danvers(Captain Marvel) since she was brainwash and half kree. Also kree didn't have much emotional. So you can't expect her to act or talk like normal people. One more thing, please stop judging this movie by the trailer, since this trailer didn't describe about the whole story or movie.
Wrong actress. She absolutely doesn't fit the character.
Welcome to the MCU Brie Larson!!!
But Brie Larson kind of ruined it .
I can’t wait for when a “white male” reviews the movie and Brie Larson calls them a “racist, sexist bigot” lmfao
why these actresses do not do the same??
M Ready. Shout-out to Gabrielle Union.
Seriously she has no other expression then bored and slightly annoyed. No i don't think she is a bad person but she is not really getting me hyped for this. I surely am not the only one who sees Bries lack of umph am I?
Oof I don’t think she’s a good actress. Hope she proves me wrong.
I like captain marvel and have no problem with a female lead, but why Brie Larson?
i was so hyped about captain marvel but truthfully now, i am very VERY disappointed with the release of this trailer. I thought its gonna be better than this. i have already feel like the actress does not suit this character, no hate on her but i think it should be someone else, but i thought okay maybe she is fine, lets give her a chance. so i waited and..this is the trailer. nothing special, just like a mediocre superhero movie, nothing extraordinary, when it should be, because its freaking CAPTAIN MARVEL for god sake! i know i shouldnt judge from a few clips of 1 minutes plus trailer, but this is the FIRST official trailer of the movie and at least it should make me feel excited about it BUT NOOO they decided to release a very plain trailer with plain background music and little effect and nothing special at all! very very disappointed i dont think im gonna watch it. i dont know what Marvel have planned but this trailer is a fail. this is a movie of a character thats gonna fight thanos! and if the movie is gonna be just like this trailer, all my admiration for other superheroes will be stained. i can just hope for the best :(
I feel that they should have picked a good 90s song for the trailer and have Larson be a lil more expressive but hey, it's only the first trailer & it's a decent one. Not bad Marvel
Can't wait to see Brie Larson star as literally the worst "hero" in Marvel Comics!
Brie Larson is a wonderful and likeable actress and this trailer is not doing her justice. Ant man is not a great movie but allowed Paul Rudd to be Paul Rudd on that one and he's awesome. Please let Larson be Larson and not some wooden person.
Lets hope Jude Law and Samuel Jackson can carry this movie to critical success. It will be a box office success guaranteed, but I'm not too sure on Brie Larsons charisma as a lead role.
Loved the trailer, but Larson is still not giving me the action hero vibe
Lets gooooo Bree Larson!!!! Crash landed on block buster before there was netflix lol!!!! Agent of S.W.O.R.D. !!!!
Brie Larson doesn't has charisma.
If Brie Larson doesn't say Shazam once in the film then I will be very disappointed
Soulless Actress
I was like WHOA!!! And then she started talking... was so excited for Brie Larsen in this role, but extremely disappointed by her choice of vocal work on this - judging by the trailer. Totally put me off it :(
Now here comes Mary Sue feminist Captain Marvel portrayed by feminist Brie Larson to save the day. Captain Marvel has done nothing to deserve a part in the Infinity War sequel and Brie Larson doesn't deserve to be the new face of the MCU.
I miss chubby Brie from 21 Jump Street
Brie Larson and the one expression.  They couldn't have picked a more bland wamen.
Captain Marvel (2019) > Wonder Woman (2017) and Brie Larson >>>> model Gal Gadot
I would leave a comment, but Brie Larson doesn't care what I think.
Boring trailer, brie just doesn’t feel badass
What's with all the hate for this trailer? It's really pretty good, and even if you disagree your rushing to judgements too quickly. This trailer gives a total of 30 seconds of ACTUAL acting by Brie Larson. That's not enough to claim shes ruined the movie.
I am sorry but they would have choose a batter actress.  She is good but anyway , I hope the movie gonna be awesome . Don't end up the movie like ww.
Brie Larson or whatever looks and talks like a robot, and the effects look passable. To be honest though I'm really excited for the skrulls in this movie. Their ability of shape-shifting was perfectly shown off in her punching an old lady, and I can't wait to see more of it. Good on ya marvel movies for taking one of the most awful superheroes you've made in the last decade or so and maybe making her a good movie.
Does she ever get TOUGH? 'Cause the wispy, creaky voice doesn't engender much confidence for what's to supposedly come. Carol Danvers is a straight BAD@SS for real, but Larson's version seems about as powerful as Boseman's T'Challa -- and they definitely got that one wrong.
I really wanna see WHY marvel picked Brie Larson of all people. They must have seen something in her. I want to see what that something was. So far im still like "ehh?" but I know she's a great actress and I know Marvel have always been on point when it comes to casting roles! 🙌
Marvel movies haven't let me down yet. I just hope Ms Larson can keep her mouth shut until it comes out, she has done enough damage already. Check the amount of dislikes.
I don't know if Bree Larson would be able to do justice to the character.
I don't care about brie Larson political opinion but casting her as cap marvel was wrong. She doesn't look or sound like cap marvel. Her voice is to soft and gentle.
Bre Larson is hot
I think this is going to be Marvel's first flop though.  Marvel is really "woke" during the production of this film and the comments Brie made don't help either.
Yo? This shit is lit af! I love Brie Larson since 21 jumpstreet. 😁
Im watching this because Brie Larson . I really dont watch super hero movies
In a Nutshell: Movie Looks OK, Brie Larson looks like a third grader you forced to do an internship at a law firm. "how long do i have to do this ?"
This just looks so generic. The main actress looks as bored as I feel
I feel like the only one who thinks this looks awesome.   Brie is great.  She has one of the best smiles in  hollywood in my opinion....    She may be lacking in buttocks but let's give it a chance.  lol
If this Captain Marvel is anything like the one in the more recent comics that everyone hates (Civil War 2, anyone?), then this movie is gonna suck (Brie's bland frown throughout the whole trailer doesn't help)
The comments on here, please don’t waste your time. The internet has people so immature and negative. Are the people here in elementary school or what? It’s ridiculous.  The so called little men on here hate women, saying it’s a feminist agenda. 🙄 Heaven forbid a female superhero has a movie. People saying Brie Larson doesn’t have charisma, funny how people said that about Chris Evans, real funny how people quickly judge before seeing the damn movie. Then we have the salty DC fans crying about this is a Wonder Woman rip off and Shazam is better, like STFU. I swear you people know absolutely nothing about comics and need to stop watching movies if you’re going to be this ignorant about them.  DC fans on here really need to be more concerned about why that universe can’t get their sh*t together. So called spoiled a** Marvel fans need stop bit**ing about everything.  Seriously everyone needs to grow up.
wow Brie Larson  fittt for this nice teaser next wait for trailer
Brie Larson was a terrible casting choice.
I love both the actresses, but I've seen trees act less wooden.
So let me get this straight, this is the first trailer that we've gotten of Brie Larson's Captain Marvel and everyone is already shitting bricks about the movie because they think Brie's acting is uncharismatic and plane? How is that a solid excuse to trash a movie? Also, since when did everyone become professionals with casting and directing?
Super disappointing trailer.  And holy shit Brie can't seem to make any facial expressions...
If Marvel made this trailer like that and you'r not hyped there's a reason, they know what they do... they could have done every thing of this trailer related to infinity war, beat thanos and make her just hot and powerful, but they want to make her special, maybe even more than the other marvel's character(cause she's the last hope against thanos and she's a woman, so they are taking the opportunity to tell something different); that's why they choosed brie larson, and that's why this trailer it's not what you expected...I honestly enjoyed it.
after the teaser who is fan of brie larson
Not sure Brie Larson was the right pick.
The actress has the same bland expressionless face in literally EVERY shot of this trailer. I'm just hoping that it's just the editor doing a poor job in representing the MAIN HERO of the goddamn movie, not her actual performance.
Sam jackson+ impala + brie larson can watch all day
She's far too ugly for this movie to be a hit.  Why did they pick such an ugly actress?  Let's be honest, the reason wonder woman was such a smash was the main lead was ridiculously hot - women liked the "girl power" message and the guys drooled over her.  Win win.  But this person looks disgusting - please recast!
the amount of social justice shown in just this trailer has saved me from even THINKING about paying for this movie...and the actress brie larsen is ugly AF irl
I'd rather see Jude Law as Captain Mar-vel than Bre Larson as Captain Marvel
The trailer looks marvelous! (Pun Intended). I don't care what anyone says, but ever since they announced Brie Larson was playing Carol Danvers / Captain Marvel I knew she was perfect for the role because her performances in Room, Short Term 12, Glass Castle, 21 Jump Street, and Scott Pilgrim vs. The World are great example how amazing she is and this trailer proves she's gonna kick ass in the role. Also I'm not just excited because it's Brie Larson or it's a female superhero, even though there's nothing wrong with that, I'm just excited because it's a new Marvel film and they never seem to disappoint with their films so I'm definitely excited to see this next year!
They chose such a baby face wack actress?  She always plays a nerd hipster. This movie will suck.
Cant stand larson
Who all fell in love ♥ with this georgious actress
Wrong actress, boring trailer. Didn't expect that from Marvel.
Remember when Brie Larson was just Jonah Hill's love interest in the first 21 Jump Street movie? Man, she going places
Brie Larson. HOT.
Brie 'the racist/sexist' larson
The problem here is that both the trailer and the actress are boring for lack of a better word. The trailer has no substance, no energy. When the Thor Ragnarok trailer came out it was like a party with good music and a fun attitude. Being that this takes place in the 90's I want to see more than just a Blockbuster and a Nine inch nails T-shirt as a reference. If they would've played some music like White Zombie it would've definitely changed the vibe. And as for Bri Larson she just comes off as one note. Even the expression on her face barely changes through the whole trailer and the dialogue was really flat. Hopefully I'm wrong and the next trailer will be better.
Definitely not gonna be Marvel's best movie. They could’ve chosen a better actress imo. 
The only thing that maybe worries me is Brie Larson's portrayal of Captain Marvel. Let's see if she can bring her Oscar-worthy skills to this movie :).
They should have cast Evan Rachel Wood for the role of Captain Marvel. She is a talented actor as well but she would make being tough more believable plus she has a chiseled look.  Brie as talented as she is, is one notch above Renee Zellweger in pulling off toughness.
Brie Larson looks like the type of actress to play in a sappy love story
Brie larson was a bad choice
Should have gotten a better actress
ShadowSonic2 is the newest feminist troll typing nonsense to hype feminist Brie Larson's Mary Sue film.
Brie Larson really doesn't suit the role. She suits indie movies and is nowhere near bad ass enough.
Man i never liked Brie before...but here idk she seems pretty hott to me😅
Bri Larson is woke 😂 worked great for Star Wars
Hey Brie, you don't need white dudes?  Any other genders or colors you don't like?
The people in the comments section do realize that this is a TEASER TRAILER, right? It's not supposed to be too big on spectacle or show you too much. Just a little bit. Give you the tone of the movie. And it looks like an awesome sifi epic, with the amnesia giving a new and interesting twist to the typical origin story. And the fact that she has amnesia perfectly explains why she seems kind of bland: she lost her memory, has no idea where she is, and is getting short glimpses of a past life. Of course she would feel dazed and confused. Brie Larson has an Oscar for crying out loud. The cgi looks amazing, idk why people are complaining. Not to mention the score is amazing. Come on people, this is Marvel. Have some faith in them and have some faith in Brie Larson. Because that's a winning combination if there ever was one
Despite Captain Marvel having godlike level super powers, the character's writers have always tried to undermine this inconceivably immense physical strength by forcing Carol Danvers to deal with psychological warfare and mental injuries (rape, torture, isolation, alcoholism). This trailer looks like it's trying to be subtle in suggesting the movie is going to attempt balancing a typical marvel action movie with a more dramatic edge.  If anyone can pull it off, it's probably Brie Larsen, but I gotta admit, the trailer leaves me worried about the script she had to work with.
Yawn.....  Looks boring.  Brie Larsen looks like she couldn't act her way out of a wet paper bag.   I definitely  Won't see this opening weekend.   It better have GREAT FAN reviews, not paid critic reviews.
Somebody says that Brie reminds him of a middle age wife that you run into at supermarkets, looking serious and buying vegetables.
is it just me or is samuel l jackson the best thing about the trailer? Larson as Cap. Marvel i thought it was a good idea but omg... she doesnt pull it off atall. AND OMG - THERE WAS A WONDER WOMAN MOMENT DID YOU GUYS SEE IT BLAHAHA- PS GAL GADOT NAILED IT , LARSON DOESNT
And serious question. Why does Brie Larson looks like constipated in this trailer? Is she going to look like that the entire movie?
Idk something is off about this. All the footage looks great, but there is just an excitement factor missing in this trailer. I hate to say it, but I think it has to do with the actress.
The effects could be better and I hate Brie Larson but it looks ok I guess.  I wish we’d gotten a black widow movie first.
Trailer is underwhelming. Also why so serious? She has like one facial expression through most of it. Don't get me wrong I'm fine with her without typical marvel quips and wisecracks but I need some personality and charisma. So far it feels like any actress could be in this role. I love strong ass kicking female characters, but I dunno if it's the actress, I'm not seeing passion in her eyes.
I hope the main actress is really good in movie because she looks like she doesn’t care about her role as Captain Marvel.
If punching a grandma is hero material for her ,than I hate heroes,brie larson suck
Brie Larson is so gorgeous
Just feel Brie Larson does not have charisma or any star power at all...
Can't believe I am saying this, but Brie Larson's delivery in this is pretty bad. Visually, the trailer looks great, but the way Larson says her lines makes  it sound like audio from a table read or something.
Joey Tribbiani's smell the fart thing done by Brie Larson in the trailer 😂😂 Let's hope the movie is good...
I love Brie Larson but I thought that didn't get me hyped at all. Maybe they're trying to keep all the good bits under wraps
I love Brie as our new Captain, I'm waiting for something amazing from her.
Yawn. How incredibly bland, I can't wait to not see this, and will probably be skipping Infinity War 2 as well. Jesus, did they even try to find an actress with any charisma or charm for this role? Good God man, she looks and sounds like generic blond bimbo #5 from any given direct to video romantic comedy or slasher film. This looks really boring, rote, by the numbers, hackneyed...insert any similar descriptor here. Constantly looking like you just smelled a fart is no substitute for actual screen presence.
I dunno what to say, will watch it becouse it is Marvel but the trailer dident realy make the movie look good. Hope i am wrong becouse she is a great actress :D
I liked Brie in 21 Jump street. She plays "happy" characters well because she has a great smile.
Brie Larson ❤️❤️
I've never heard of Brie Larson until now; seems we have another graduate from the Kristen Stewart 'School of Acting'
I think the character has potential and the actress they chose is quite fitting but, like everyone else, I fear that this may be used to push a forced feminist agenda, Agent Carter nearly fell into this trap but this may be it.
Movie looks great, to bad Bree Larson is in it! 3rd wave feminist who openly hates men, I'll wait for it to flop and watch it on Netflix!
Let’s everyone welcome Brie Larson to the Illuminati!
Yeah, this looks EXTREMELY generic, nothing really makes me excited to see Brie Larson (an actress i hate) do one of the most generic heroes in existance. I am getting less excited then i was about Solo
As much as I love Marvel this isn’t a movie I’m really looking forward too. I’ve watched every single Movie since the beginning and been excited this.... Brie is amazing but the storyline just isn’t as good as previous films. No hate pls.
it makes me laugh that they say that Brie is a bad actress when she has 1 Oscar and 1 golden globe
I hope her acting isn’t as bad as other female actresses
It looks GREAT! Just cast a better actress next time.
Honest opinion? I'm whelmed. I've never seen this actress before but what I've seen from this trailer is that her acting kinda sucks. It'll obviously sell well cus this is a marvel movies but my guess is that it's gonna get trash ratings.
Saw Room the other day....Brie  Larson is a force to reckon with...Now literally as she’s captain marvel...I kinda have a crush on her
Her voice in this trailer doesn't sound like her. It sounds like a Mousey Brie Larson. Did they ask her to be more timid and docile in this role? She has such a spunky attitude in interviews.
Of course feminist Brie Larson and her Mary Sue Captain Marvel arrives to save the world from Thanos.
If I ever had any doubt about Brie Larson before.... I think it just got put to rest 😁😁😁 This looks amazing and I can't wait to see her go toe to toe with Thanos!!
This looks shitty and the actress is very boring... Not a good pick!
But seriously though, this movie looks awesome. I can't wait for it. Also the main actress is really pretty
Worst trailer of a marvel movie to date. Thor ragnarok, age of Ultron, infinity war, black panther, dr strange all internet breaking trailers. This one just shows Bree larson in cosplay over and over and over.
So not gona watch a movie with fake ass Brie.
How very unexpected that people are judging the complete movie and the actress over a Trailer...oh wait, it isn't! :D Ya'll need to shut up and let other's enjoy things. Don't like, don't watch.
I feel like her voice doesn’t fit the tone of the trailer. She’s a great actress, sure, I’ve seen her in many of her movies but her voice in this just sounds a bit off. It’s boring.
They really had to highlight the "her" in hero. Can't just make a movie without instilling feminist propaganda. Also Brie's acting is flat and emotionless.
You picked an actress that's already disrespected the fans, and a character that was so poorly handled, she's hated by the community
Everything great but the actress seems that she’s got no energy...(for what I’ve seen in the trailer of course)
Only looked coz I thought it was Brie Olsen.
I m so impress brie Larson
'Im not what you think i am'  a good actress?
Brie Larson thoughtful face: :/
To be honest trailer was cringy....but I have hope for CM cuz brie is a great actor...
I didn't know someones bouncy hair could have more personality than either the character or the actress...
Brie larson claimed she was too 
just watching Brie Larson's constant emotionless expression i got bored to the death. not gonna watch it on theaters. not worth it
Brie on that marvel money now
I want this to be awesome. It will be awesome. And, Brie Larson... is awesome. I just don't know if it's the right fit. Captain Marvel is a true badass... her voice sounds kinda like something from Bring it On.
Everybody complaining about brie larson’s facial expression probably never watched Room.
Brie Larson is boring and bland. Don't @ me saying “sHe wOn tHe oScAr”
Disgust!!! and the expressionless face of the actress! boring boring!!!
Brie Larson is hot
They should have given this role to Caroline Ford. Now there is a real actress with like a thousand facial expressions, and a genuine smile. Brie is so second rate...just as bland as her cheesy name.
I hope I won't be as bored by this movie as Brie Larson is.
"Check your male privilege!"--Brie Larson
Brie wrong choice.
Larson, Jackson, Law, Gregg...... amazing...!!!
I can't wait to see Brie Larson as Captain Marvel! She is a fantastic actress playing an amazing character. It's great to see another hero on the big screen, and I hope she'll save our downed Avengers! I love how we didn't get any spoilers in this trailer, and I'm counting down the days until it's released. Hope she leads us to an A-Force movie soon!
I am so excited to watch Captain Marvel next year! This trailer was a sight to see and Brie Larson will be fantastic as the lead role. I can't wait to see her in Avengers: Infinity War Part 2 or whatever the next Avengers film is called.
Is Jude Law playing Mar-vel? He doesn't have white hair so who knows. Also Im not convinced that Brie Larson was a good choice.
Brie' delivery seems flat and terrible.
Especially the actress.
Boring... Brie is so emotionless and boring. Don't say what everybody else has been saying OH SHE HAS AN OSCAR, that was a completely different movie than this, its just like saying Jared Leto is a good Joker in the Academy Award Winning Suicide Squad because he won an Oscar for Dallas Buyer's Club, if were going to bring up awards. I'm a wait and see person but as of now, I'm not that interested, doesn't mean I won't see it but its not a priority.
Thumbs if you think brie is so beautifull in here
Edit: Okay there are a lot of sexists in this comment section, so as to not be associated with them: I hate Brie Larson because she looks similar to my favourite actress, it's very petty, but that's the only reason.
Trailer was very meh. Mainly cuz Brie Larson’s lines and even acting were very underwhelming or weak idk.  I know she’s talented but this trailer did not showcase any of her skills.  Disappointing af
Why must so many exaggerate when then say she is expressionless when that's clearly not the case is you rewatch the trailer? It's Brie Larson, she's a great actress and it is just a 1:56 trailer. We're likely gonna see more range from her when another story-driven trailer comes out so try not to be so negative (and I do have problems with the trailer).
I just have a good feeling that this would be a great movie. I could be wrong, but I am 97% sure that this would be great; nonetheless, I'm still gonna support this movie coz Brie Larson is Captain Marvel. She's one of the best actresses of her generation and this woman deserves all the recognition that she could get. Also, thank you for the meme template 1:31😂.
Eh, if it was like 5 years ago this wouldve piqued my interest a lot more. I think im just getting burned out on superhero movies man. Nothing against larson or this character.
someone get brick face Larson a happy meal .  When can I get my BLACK WIDOW MOVIE 🍿 THATS BILLION DOLLARS IP NOT BRICK FACE
I get all the criticisms toward Allison Brie but if Marvel showed any MORE character development in this trailer they run the risk of SPOILING the rest of the movie
Can Marvel get a better looking actress to play this character and who also doesn't use the same facial expression for every scene.  Is Bree Larson Daisy Ridley 2.0, she looks to plain.  Though personally I don't plan on seeing this movie.  Judging from this trailer, the overall quality of the CG looks mediocre at best.
Carol Danvers was already a dull character and they got an even duller actress to play her. Everything about her just bores me, aren't superhero movies supposed to be exciting. And it doesn't help that all the men in MCU have a more elegant waistline than her.
when i see bree larson, i know it's going to be good!
Cap Marvel '' Rise of the expressionless actress ''
Why does Brie always look bored in her movies?
Brie Larson VS. Some inert wood
Could they have not casted a lady who has a more powerful presence on the screen?  Brie Larson in this looks Aggressively Mediocre.  Like a female Keanu Reeves - no umph or power or confidence in her acting.
Stop complaining about the trailer and Brie Larson. She's playing a character that is gonna save the Avengers asses so even if you think the trailers trash think about would the MCU let the person who's gonna save the universe have a trash solo movie.
Trash. I've seen a wet paper bag display more emotion than Brie Larson.
Waiting till its out for final judgement but I'm still not convinced Brie Larson was a good pick. The first MCU casting I've ever had a problem with. No, shes not a bad actress you assclowns. Just not right for this type of role.
I will go see it, but Brie Larson.......sorry, but im hoping her acting gets better than this trailer would indicate.
Brie 😍 anyone who is anxious for 8.3.2019 ? ☺😁" THANOS you son of bitxh" be ready to face her😎
😘Love you Brie Larson😘
No offense to Brie Larson, as she is a good actress...
I love brie larson but goddamn i expected marvel to be better at casting
Should've casted someone who looks fierce , all I see in Brie Larson's face is " bore ". But Marvel has a great story line by the way.
-There's too little of Brie Larson to make any actual judgement of her acting. Don't forget, this isn't her first rodeo. She knows how to play a character. Also, CM's a military pilot and part-Kree. We shouldn't be expecting a ton of expression on her face. I mean, look at Cap when he's on mission.
Actress they picked seems way too bland.
I have 0 interest in watching this movie. Not even a bootleg copy on torrents. I dont think it is worth the effort to look for it and download, even for free. And I will go beyond. As far I am concerned the Infinity wars was the end of the MCU. I am not interested in any future Marvel movies featuring Brie Larson. I am done. Good by Marvel.
Not sure is fully support the choice of this actress. Could probably pick a better one. We shall see.
Brie larsen as a superhero hmmmmm
Jude Law is original Captain Marvel. An accident fuses Brie into Jude's kree physiology which makes her the new Captain Marvel. In the last scene, she probably turns into a more powerful version of herself, Binary.
She is the coolest woman in the Universe. Brie Larson, that is.
Is it just me or is Brie Larson pulling a Zoolander here? I'm seeing that same expressionless void face in every scene. Looking out on otherworldly planetscape...void. Looking out at space from presumably the cockpit of a fighter jet...void. Walking down a corridor with Ronan the Accuser standing there....void. I'm not even a massive Captain Marvel fan in the comics since CW2 but I feel like this trailer and what brief exposure I got to the character felt super flat and far from the compelled me to re-watch for anything hidden. This is who is supposed to take the pivotal role that Steve will leave behind when Evans goes? *cringe*
Besides, if this was  with a guy, would you say the same thing? They're usually stony-faced, and if you look at The Bourne Identity's trailer you can see Damon pretty 'emotionless' too. Do people just expect actresses to emote more, and have a double standard where they accept actors showing less emotions as bad-ass or something? There's gotta be something to this criticism people have of Larson (and maybe their opinions of acting in general).
Same people being so critical of the actress\Trailer come 2019 release day will be blown away.
I swear once they start bringing an iron heart and Miles Morales the MCU is dead. This will be the first Marvel movie I don't see since I hate Brie Larson as a person and would have much preferred a talented actress
I didn’t think it was a bad trailer but when you stack it up against past marvel movies then you might not be impressed. I hope the movie kicks ass. Brie Larson has yet to disappointment me in a movie.
I feel Brie Larson is a dry actor and they are just going to use her to show women power. I am going to be fine with this movie atleast if she isn't super overpowered.
I'm exited for this and for how she will fit in with the OG Avengers. I think Brie is awesome too.
Hell, it's about time we got a female Green Lantern.  Next, we'll see Brie Larson in a red costume cracking jokes while cutting people up.
Why does Brie Larson has that boring look on her face in every single shot?!
Nonsens whats happening here. I did a little search. I watched all previous marvel trailers and many comments (before premier mostly) too. Result: almost nothing about the males acting. Maybe 1 Tom H. but under CM at least 5 times (even more now) about her acting (after 600 comments). We speaking about a trailer...a TRAILER! Dont tell me that in other marvel trailers we saw outstanding acting because its not true. She was serious? Yes because she had to be here thats all. After 10 years you guys still dont know what we will get? Humor, badass cgi, 2 other trailers maybe and a whole FILM. And the feminism...I read it under WW trailer too. Here more. You guys must be women haters or just cant stand if a woman identify oneself with something (Yes it can be too much but not here). This is the 21th century ffs. What a shame we still be here (and not just film industry ofc). Btw BL has an oscar and she CAN smile too... 'unbelievable'. Keep working MARVEL and good luck DC :P. Gal G and Brie L rocks!
I can't get past Miss Larson's meh face, show one more expression please.
Brie Larson simply isn't Captain Marvel. She seems like a good actress and all but she's just not Captain Marvel :/
why brie larson sound like my little sister
Hope Brie Larson doesn't make Marvel fans dissapointed 🙂
Really excited for the movie.                     Brie larson is looking good.
Trailer is kinda boring. I have faith in Marvel and Brie Larson though.
- Brie Larson's Acting in some of the scenes
Maybe her weak voice...her LACK of screen presence... i mean, she's a damn good actress...but, i dunno if she's right for this role...especially AFTER watching this trailer....
If it weren't for Bree Larson being an utter shit stain of a human being I'd go see this in theaters. First Marvel Studios film I'll be actively skipping out on.
Okay, I’m not a fan of modern feminism but I have to defend Brie Larson. There are a lot of comments saying she only has one expression. I think it’s too early to tell. This is one very short trailer. She deserves a shot just like the other characters of the MCU have been given. If they can make Ant-Man good, they can make this good.
best actor for this role gorgeous Brie Larson.
Oh yeah. Thanos buddy you should have snapped sooner. You’re going down Big Purple! Love Brie this is another MCU Homerun. Let’s get NOVA a proper treatment and movie!
I've said it before and I'll say it again. Brie Larson has precisely one facial expression that she uses in every situation. She looks like she's smelled something vaguely unpleasant in an elevator and is trying to decide whether or not it's a fart. It's so distracting because the trailer otherwise looks awesome, but I just can't un-see this.
I didn't get excited and something is missing something like aggression. aggression for doing something whenever i see Brie Larson i feel like what is this barbie doll doing here -_- her cute face isn't made for the Avengers..this casting really disappoints me 😥😖
This looks great! Loved the Blockbuster in the intro. Wonder how much of the movie Sam Jackson is in cause that de-aging looks pretty good so far in the brief flashes they give us.
I like the trailer, and I'm looking forward to this movie but Brie Larson looks so....small to play Captain Marvel. 
The best thing about this trailer: Coulson taking off his glasses.  The second best thing: Jude Law's stare.  Brie's performance was flat.  I hope I'm not let down when this movie comes out.
Bree Larson really does has one facial expression 
Brie is my captain !
I already dont like the actress. They seem boring and emotionless in several parts of the trailer. The cheesy one liners only help in growing this problem.
So.. I know it is going to be great but I have to say that unlike people that have been complaining about the lack of smiles/jokes from Brie, I complain about the lack of emotion (specifically in her eyes) that she is showing. I mean in 2 seconds Jude Law showed more emotion than her in the whole trailer :/ And you don´t have to tell me that she has won several major awards for her acting, that does not guarantee anything. I hope that is just in this one and that in the next ones we can see a better look of her character, because right now even thought I´m excited for the movie, I´m not excited for Brie Larson even more that she is supposedly the next face of the MCU (wich I find it hard with Scarlet, Benedict, Chadwich, Tom Holland and Paul Rudd are still going to be part of the MCU)
Gal Gadot is incredibly endearing as Wonder Woman and really got me pumped to see more women joining the superhero roster. Brie Larson however just looks bored in this role, I hardly care for this movie.
Brie Larson would be great in a bukkake movie, not so much a blockbuster superhero film.
Im excited to see the movie because it has Marvel attached to it's name but the actress just isn't cutting it for me specially the way she delivered the "I'm not what you think I am" line
I love Captain Marvel, I'm just not a big fan of Brie Larson... she's dull imo
1M likes! LMFAO for a lame arse trailer which looks like a upcoming Netflix movie! with a bored looking Brie Larson who looks like she was miscast and just does not want the role.
Actually there were at least 3 blockbusters with Brie larson that really disappointed me. I don’t think this movie will be better
Trailer is not that exciting and Brie doesn’t seem like she could pull off a movie on her own
Didnt blow my mind but doubt anything will after Infinity War!! Looking forward to seeing it...avoiding all trailers from not on, Ive had a peek enough for me. Glad they didnt do the old 70s origin with her being Mar Vells lil female sidekick/occasional rescue target and made her an actual soldier amd pilot. If I'm 100% honest past few yrs in the comics (yes everyweek all of em...dc too their stuff amazing at minute) I have really disliked verging on hating Captain Marvel. Been portrayed as practically a space cop nazi stormtrooper where if you didn't agree with her there was no discussion you were wrong, she sas right run, go to jail or fight. He current runs good but still cant shake past few yrs of super nazi fascist but going into this with fresh eyes. Marvel films have earned every little bit of my trust to make at the very...VERY least an entertaining, action flick with characters treat with care but changed for screen only when needed al, the way up to your Winter Soldiers level where their practically perfect renditions but fresh takes on plots from comics but made with actual attention, care and make sense....as much as space gods and cybernetic raccoons can make sense. I'm not worried, not complaining, happy to let they hype train go past without a look and be happy to go see it and make my own mind up. I hate idiots that make films about agendas (thats both sides of the blah blah boring) specially when film doesnt have an agenda...none of marvels have just been always solid, always enjoyable comics....on screen and what more do you want. Brie a great actress, seen a few films with her but.....and this tiny nit pick....like miniscule but her voice....it's very soft isnt it or is that me? For some reason always mentally read her with a more drill sergent type voice but thats my prob I'll either get over it or wont. Ill have to wait and see but definitely happy to wait. To the complainers, when has Marvel made something terrible....other than the special effects in the Black Panther last fight...anyone defends the 90s rubber men on the train bit are zealots! Lol but never a terrible film. Thor dark world was meh but thats it and that was yrs ago so complain, moan, whatever you'll still go to see it. What you gonna do pay your money and sit and sulk in protest at some niggle lol itll be fine at least and might do a Cap WS and come outta nowhere as amazing. Not long we'll soon see......but AVENGERS 4 THO! God why Marvel why I want it noooooow! Lol
I have a feeling this movie will be a flop lol. Brie Larson doesn't suit superhero movie at all. Her acting in this movie seems mediocre.
WoW, Larson really only has one expression. This was underwhelming. Looks like something I would watch on Netflix. Yawn.
Looks great!! Gotta love Brie Larson!!
trailer aint that good, dammit so much for waiting for my favorite actress's movie as a superhero
Brie Larson spoke every line in the most monotone voice... This is kind of a disappointing trailer tbh, not too hyped (coming from a huge marvel fan)
Blah! This trailer was complete trash I rather watch paint dry on a wall. I'm sure the movie will be great because Marvel Studios usually does not put out bad movies. Brie Larson looks bored in this role. Ah well, who's going to see Aquaman!? lol j/k
When Brie Larson punches a grandma you know shit just got real
Wow, I really do not care for that actress.
This didn't really seem that good to be honest, i'll watch it for the story but i doubt i'll like it. Brie doesn't seem like the right actor, maybe that's why but idk.
The many faces of Brie Larson.
Why Brie ?why not someone who looks grown up . If MARVEL plans to pit her against Thanos they should have gone with someone in the black widow age group instead of spiderman's high school senior.
Amazing!! Brie is so beautiful and talented <3
This actress has a charisma like a lawn mower!
I Never ever saw this type of trailer and background tunes, it's Awesome, i can't wait for release date, and brie larson amazing look. I love her.
Brie's acting seems weak.
The blandest trailer with the most impressive RBF bored actress availible.
This was a turrible teaser trailer. Tells us nothing about the character, very little about the story, normies will think the new Marvel Superhero just clocked a grandma and Brie has perpetually one face: bored.
I'm still bummed about the casting.  Brie Larson is about as entertaining as watching paint dry.  And the fact that this trailer gives more time to Nick Fury than the star only makes me worried they made a very boring superhero.....
I guess Brie Larson is not very good with facial expression. She looks kinda weird in this trailer.
You people need to watch Room before you say that Brie Larson is a bad actress 😂
Why is everyone hating on Brie Larson?
People need to give Brie Larson a chance. She's a tremendous actor and while this trailer might not give you much hope, Marvel has done a fantastic job when casting for movies. Don't judge based solely on this trailer, you'll most likely be just as hyped as normal come March.
Brie Larson seems to be aggressively lacking in personality or character. Did a decent job in Tomb Raider and Jason Bourne, so her action flick cred is there, but again just an "ok" or decent reprisal of the roles. Seems like Disney should have done a better job of casting someone with better range and charisma. A trailer like this usually illicits a ton of excitement, but this is utterly bland. I just hope they don't tank the vision of making an awesome movie and sacrifice it in order to push some girl power political agenda that sacrifices and sours the experience for most fans that aren't political and don't care to be indoctrinated.
Shitty costume and bad actress still
Brie larson is like the worst casting ever.
Beware! Marie Sue will solve all the issues of the Avangers! Origiiiiinal! This trailer is not interesting because introducing her to the whole cinematic universe now just will make her Marie Sue. Its just a bad timing. Also because in this trailer the actress only had one emotion but it might be just a bad cut of scenes. DUnno.
Brie Larson: wanna break the internet?
Looks ok, to bad the actress shit all over fans. Get woke, go broke.
But of course feminist Brie Larson and her Mary Sue Captain Marvel shows up to save the day.
Hmm everything actually looks really good hear, except Brie Larson’s interpretation. I’ve always seen Carol (and she’s always been depicted) as more of a hard edged Sarah Conor type. Here Brie seems to be portraying her as awkward or foreign. Even Gal’s Wonder Woman had a rougher edge in her first trailer than Carol seems to have here.
R.I.P. MCU. This looks really boring. The actress looks the same in every shot. I miss the old days.
A. Yes, please! B. Adore Brie. C. Coulson lives! (In the 90's anyway.) D. Sam Jackson is a bad MF. E. Marvel - you need to Rehire James Gunn or people are going to sit Captain Marvel out. And none of us want to. We want CM, what it leads to with A4, and a female lead. But, we also want justice!
Brie Larson is a great actress and I can't wait to see this movie! So excited for next year!!
Impossible to fairly judge from a first trailer, but we can discuss impressions.... I'm not sold on this one. The few lines we hear the actress playing Captain Marvel deliver sound like bad acting, Mr. Jackson's character seems passive and bored, this whole idea that she's from earth maybe, can't remember and that the movie is going to be her origin story revolving around these questions... I love you Marvel, but you need to make the next trailer for Captain Marvel do more to sell me. This is six months away, I know you can give us a better trailer.
Didn't like the actress playing captain Marvel and please don't let her kill Thanos or if you can bring Jean grey to kill him or thor is the best choice just saying
old lady punching, possibly Nolan style parallel timelines, young Nick Fury and Brie Larson 
Brie Larson's Voice very high pitched. I honestly thought it was sound edited that way because I don't remember her having that voice in "Room" but whatevs.
Honestly in a perfect world Charlize Theron or Mila Jovovich would own the hell out of the role of Carol Danvers/Captain Marvel, if only they were still in their 30's, but I guess Brie Larsson will have to do.
After all the wait, as a comic fan, all I can take say after that is... Sure, they nailed the look like any good actress can and it's kinda cool they're doing the Mar-Vell memory bleed thing, but what's up with her personality and voice? It looks like a Carol Danvers, but it doesn't walk or talk like a Carol Danvers. Spoiler: SHE'S the Skrull?! 
Overall movie looks good but I dont think she is a good actress. All the other movie make me feel like I am watching a marvel movie...they are their characters but she makes me feel like I am watching an actress play captain marvel. 😔
Couldn't they have found a better actress? Like seriously. At least DC whom I don't really like generally have managed a waaaay better actress with their Wonder Woman.
Carl manvers played by the miserable brie Larson in an underwhelming trailer ..hard pass indeed
Don't know if it's Brie Larson or the dialogue in the trailer, but when she speaks it is so unexciting it puts me to sleep. It's like listening to someone go, "Uhhhhhh, yeah.okay"  over and over with an emotionless face. Sorry, but if this is the actual movie, then I'm passing it up.
worst actress you could get
I’m glad a fine actress was cast for the lead. Her performance in Room was superb.
What's up with her voice? I don't remember Brie sounding like that.
Director - "Okay Brie, that take was good, but I want you to sound more lifeless and bored next time"
Emily blunt should've taken this role....i like brie Larson but she doesn't fit this role
lmao, to all those criticizing Brie Larson, you realise shes won an oscar right...
I feel like you guys could have picked a better actress for her
Friggin love Brie Larson
This trailer tells me nothing about the character, or theme of the movie. The only things I can discern from this are: Brie Larson can't act and the CGI is probably going to be shit. 
Even in the trailer, Brie Larson looks like a lifeless husk of a person.  And we are expected to believe this is the new flagship character of the MCU? This truly is the death of superhero movies and the MCU. No one wanted this and no one likes this character.  This will be Marvel's first box office flop.
All these people whining about the actress, when my only concern is why the hell Captain Marvel is some kind of Green Lantern ripoff when they should be wielding the power of SHAZAM!
Lame.. they could have picked a much more convincing actress to play her. I’m sure it will be an overdose of mediocrity. If I didn’t know any better I’d say it was a DC movie.
Idk this trailer was not that great. Usually I get hype over Marvel trailers but this didn’t cut it for me at all. CGI looked terrible and I felt like they could have picked a better actress for the role tbh
honestly yvonne strahovski would have been a perfect choice for this role...she is tall, gorgeous and way better actor than brie in my opinion.
Is it the Granny or Brie, a scrull in disguise?
Unpopular opinion: This looks great. The trailer is very character driven and reveals little about the plot but it creates enough intrigue to keep me wanting. It sets up Carol's self-discovery and shows her struggle with her identity while demonstrating the exciting action scenes that we can expect (which look really good IMO). Also, Brie Larson seems to be bringing the right mix of  'confused and questioning her own memories' and 'confident, powerful and determined'. Personally, I think that trailers that focus more on the main character's journey and slowly expand from there instead of being all over the place is exactly what marvel needs right now.
Amber Heard would CAST way better than Brie Larson
Haters gonna ever hate. I don't damn care. I love this trailer. Brie is kicking ass. And I love how they have used PINK color for the title design at the end :)
Brie Larson is still soooooooo beautiful even when in a superhero suit. Wow! Wooohooooo!! Love the Captain Marvel suit by the way. Truly the women empowerment
Hope some Backstreet Boys tunes are in the movie 😂  Brie Larson !!! 😘😘😘
Captain marvel.. OMFG Brie Larson Looks Damn Awesome.. 😍😍😘 Also Fears Me That It's Definitely The End Times..
I personally don't like the actress for captain marvel, the movies I've seen her in, I didn't really like her performance, but hey maybe this movie will change my opinion
I just dont feel that heroic vibe from this actress. She belongs in a romance movie lol
Brie is so badass she is going to evolve in the next leader and Avenger
I was out of super glue so I used Brie Larson's face instead.
Brie Larson 😍😍❤️❤️
Bree Larson is the best fit for this role @marvel Thanks
This is beautiful!!! Brie is gonna do this role so much justice!!
Terrible actress
And in the comics ms.marvel was thick so I’m just wandering is the actress thick????
1:44 Worst MCU trailer one liner yet. Its way too  Shailene woodley Divergent. I cant take it seriously.XD Saying that Brie Larson actually looks like Shailene quite a bit.
Why Brie Larson?!?! She looks so boring!
Kinda… Boring. Also, Brie seems to only have one expression.
what a train wreck,ofcourse nothing else could be expected with clawfeet larson as a protagonist.they managed to make a worse movie than those of dc,and a worse casting than flash in jla,that takes a lot of stupidity.
Womad support Feminist Brie Larson!! Girls can do anything!!
Hmm i just don't like Brie Larson as Captain Marvel she's not superhero looking .. I like her as an actress yes but to hold an iconic character out of a comic book you should look majestic also she's not even that sexy !! Oh well Marvel's decision hope this movie rocks ..
Brie Larson is an academy award winner so I’m pretty sure she knows what she’s doing
In the Movie i think Brie Larson is not a Human She is a Kree
Soon as Brie lets me know if I’m allowed to have an opinion on this movie I may give it a chance.  As of right now I’m under the impression she isn’t interested in my viewership.  It’s unfortunate for me that if i watched this movie I couldn’t help but be reminded of Larson saying she doesn’t want to hear what white dudes have to say about a film, not buying a ticket for the imax to think about crap like that.
I'm sorry to sound mean, Brie Larsson has no charisma, look, or personality to play a character capable of beating Thanos. This just doesn't feel right. This trailer was disappointing to say the least as whole.
Looks pretty meh to be honest. I have been more hyped by various other ahuoer hero trailers. Brie looks dead inside, almost like she would rather be anywhere else.
I don’t think the actress is a good choice for the character
I still think casting Brie will cost you a lot of viewers.
Sadly, I WAS looking forward to this movie, and even the female Captain Marvel. But knowing how atrocious the actress, well, acts in real life, I cannot support it.
Brie Larson gives me the urge to get a tetanus shot
Dark Phoenix. Female led superhero movie. No smiling. All serious. Didn't reveal the story. People love the trailer and can't wait. No cries that the actress is bad without emotion. No cries that the actress needs to show some sort of emotion. That probably mean that it isn't a sexist issue with this trailer but the problem is the acting and the trailer itself.
One of the weakest hype of marvel phase 3, brie's acting not so convincing
Brie Larson to Chris Evans: I am the captain now. 😂😂😂
Brie Larsson embraced Hinduism, Lord Krishna loves her
brie larson - great actress. but really feels like the wrong casting choice for this film.
brie larson is LOVE ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
This looks like its part of a Power Rangers movie. Underwhelmed. They could've picked a much better actress to play Captain Marvel. She registers ZERO charisma 😪
Looks promising, Brie Larson is stunning.
Brie Larson... Can you maybe act as if you are slightly interested in your role as Captain Marvel.
3. To those who defend Brie's emotions and saying she has an Oscar. THAT OSCAR MEANS NOTHING! She won it for a completely different movie that is nothing like this. It's just like saying Jared Leto is a good Joker in the Academy Award Winning Suicide Squad just because he won an Oscar for Dallas Buyer's Club. That logic makes no sense.
And Brie's action moves are good, but her face is lifeless and lacks emotions.
They should've got an actress who actually looks like they want to be there.
Brie is awesome 💖💖💖
116 seconds of absolute bland, potentially awfully mediocre material with little tonal shift & for an actress so great otherwise, we only got an expressionless, extremely boring and perhaps ultimately unlikeable and miscast Brie Larson. This is yet another subpar Marvel movie that'll still earn big bucks thanks to theit marketing. Sigh.
Brie Larson is a snack
Just want to point out the obvious which is Captain Marvel is punching the Old Lady because it's a skrull in disguise. I'm surprise many don't know that and I'm a DC fan. As for the trailer I know it's the first one posted but what I've seen from the clips given and the actress' performance isn't doing Captain Marvel's character any just. The actress sounds monotone when's she's giving her lines. As for her facial expression it looks pretty bland even when she's using her powers at the end of the trailer. I know this is the first trailer and there more to come but so far I'm not hyped about it.  Would have wished that Dianna Agron, Charlize Theron, or Amanda Seyfried as captain Marvel.
That was bad. Horrible acting by Brie Larson. I really hope this trailer is not very indicative of the final movie.
only brie larson could punch an old lady in the face and get away with it
Happy Birthday Brie Larson!
0:37 what kind of an expression is that? Already not impressed with this actress marvel, hope she looks better in the movie.😞
Brie Larson looks like an elitist snob. Her actions in real life overshadow the part she’s playing. I won’t support some man hating feminist that uses race baiting tactics to divide us.
She seriously only has 1 single expression this whole trailer with many different shots from many different scenes and that's a fair and honest to god criticism. I like this actress but if she's going to have that 1 single bland expression through the whole movie boy I'm about to hate this character.
People are no hating  the movie they hate the actress even I don't  like her personally
Everything in this movie looks great! Except for Captain Marvel, she looks pretty BORING. Wish it was another actress playing her, but maybe the supporting cast can help.
Well I think it looks good, I can't wait and brie larson fits this perfectly
Brie Larson can suck a fat one...she's a useless feminist flag bearer and is unfit for the role!.
Jude Law? Brie Larson? 
Fury got that Gibbons triple x look going on. Goddamn im so ready to see this movie i just know Brie is gonna shine.
Anyone here for Brie’s Birthday? 🎉❤️
I love Brie Larson as Captain Marvel. The fact that she doesn't have too much expression on her face gives the final touch to this movie . I mean, wtf, she fights world threats, she's a superhero not a super model.
I've never liked Brie Larson in anything. This doesn't look half bad.
Do you know what all the other marvel heroes have that Brie Larson doesn't, charm & charisma.
seriously?  Brie Larson play Captain Marvel....... 
Everything's great but that line delivery. Wouldn't say it's Brie's fault necessarily, maybe it's the script?
Let’s give a subpar actress a shit ton of CGI and say she’s the most powerful suThanosper hero in the MEU.... honestly it looks ok but this is more of a politically correct cash grab... if this chick is the one to destroy Thanos i’ll literally be pissed... especially after all the development of let’s say.. idk IRONMAN.... CAPTAIN AMERICA.... THOR????... There are others who deserve this
The Actress Looks... Meh 😐
Loving Brie Larson already as Captain Marvel
People tagging on Brie Larson and the captain marvel character even when literally everyone movie in the past has been nothing short of absolutely great. Well, except the first two Thor movies, but he was justified and turned into something great with ragnarok. Phase 3 has been nothing but great movies and characters, and people doubting marvel now just because it’s a woman is really stupid
Be honest. Guys liked and complained less about Gal Gadot's performance because she was PRETTY (although i remember the stupid complaints about her body) Brie Larson is beautiful,  no doubt.  But her beauty is method-actor-ish, where her look isn't exceptional because she blends in the character she's playing,  which is ideal for an actress who wants a versatile acting career.
I think they should've gotten a different  actress...
Brie Larson staring as Captain Resting-Bitch Face!
Her voice sounds so high pitched and always looks angry. Oh, Brie Larson is a feminist. LOL
Marvel always plays it safe! Its beginning to bother me now. Couldn't they have cut her hair?! Plus it would've shown how much dedicated to playing the role Brie is
Brie Larson just looks unexcited about the movie. Lol.
brie larson looks so bored and lifeless and she literally is walking like a giant cardboard box with special effects, and they messed up her origin, she looked up to the first captain marvel, marr-vel, she takes up his mantle after his death to respect him and keep his name going, this is a defining trait, why mess with it
I'm pumped for this shit, but i have one hang up. If this takes place in the 90's, how in the hell is brie larson supposed to not age? It would have been like 20+ years. I don't know shit about Captain Marvel tho so I'm guessing I'm missing the part where she doesn't age.
She’s such a bad pick anytime I see her face she looks bored and like she’s got to take a big ass dump. The only reason imma watch this movie is to see young Samuel Jackson. We should be judging this movie on the actors performance and actual execution of the film. Not cause it’s a break throw for WOOMEN. Cause you know we’ve never had a lead actress hero before or anything. *Cough* Resident Evil, Underworld, Tomb Raider, ect, ect *Cough*?
This might be the worst MCU trailer I have seen so far. I have no interest in this movie, at all. The main actress is not a good fit. Unfortunately, for me, she's the next phase in the MCU so she will be around for quite some time.
here I am, thinking what messy comments to say that will level with what other people are saying about the trailer, even though I secretly love it, wait for the movie to come out and watch it on premier, and probably 5 or more times during its entire theatre run, in secret of course because I dont want people to call me a hypocrite when I post a lot of negative reviews about it all over my social media, when I actually show how much I love it like every MCU films, and I may have to agree with the majority, probably everyone criticising the movie and the actress,  if I want to be called a real fan, even when my knowledge about these MCU movies and their comics history are only given to me by wikipedia, and I love everything, secretly.
This looks like it’s gonna be awful. Why did they get Brie Larson to play Captain Marvel. And why does it look fan made
Only the feminists would say this is a good movie cuz in reality captain marvel shouldn't have been played by a woman and this actress is boring.
It looks good but I still think they could have had a better casting than Larson. She is giving me doubts. Still will watch
When I first got to know Gal Godot was playing I was like "Damn that's a cool choice.". And here comes Brie Larson, when they announced she'll be playing Captain Marvel, I thought OK "Yep, it would be cool.", I didn't knew why everyone was complaining about it, after watching the trailer, as much as I want to like it, it was disappointing. Hope it doesn't ruin the franchise. If they wanted to make it Dark, they failed at it, it wont be funny by the looks of it so it may be a Drama.
Wtf? In the comics she was super hot and they picked Brie Larson? I mean she's not ugly but she's plain and seems to only have one facial expression.
Will Only see the movie for Samuel L. Jackson not for the brie Larson, no expression atall, love my wonder woman
Jude law give more expression in 2 seconds then bree Larson give in whole trailer
Still not convinced that the actress will represent Carol denvers like she deserves.. this actress has only 2 expressions: 1 serious  (like a Kristen Stewart face ) and 1 smiling... i hope i can say " i was wrong"... but util now, this is not a good Carol denvers.... make me be wrong and surprise me,  marvel....
Ugh... please marry me, Brie Larson :)
Not interested in the actress
Why Marvel? Why Brie Larson?  “I’m not what you think I am!” Ha! I think your the wrong choice for this role! It should have been Lagertha from Vikings. I guess time will tell.
I don't know but I don't really fell the trailer. I think it is way too hyped and Brie Larson wasn't the best choice they could have made.
Brie Larson is pretty fantastic.
Captain Marvel is my favorite female superhero of all time and as much as I wanna like this trailer it looks kinda stale. And Bree Larson just *doesn't fit* as Carol Danvers if you've read her in the comics. Hopefully the next trailer will be better and she'll surprise me with her performance but I still feel that they could've cast someone better.
Wow...Beautiful actress 😛😍😍
why is this so bad compared to the rest of their work? What happened? This character looks so boring, wtf is that ugly costume? Is she fighting in a green plastic pijama? Does the actress have more than one facial expresion??
Honestly expected more. Sorry, but this doesn’t feel like Marvel. It feels...cheesy. And Brie’s acting looked terrible. I hope she does better in the whole film. Still excited to see it tho
Brie Larson only has one facial expression.
Brie Larson - "The Goddess of Marvel Studios"
Brie Larson is wooden af in this trailer. I remember her from the United States of Tara being a better actress, what happened between then and now?
So they replaced Tom Cruise with Bria Larson? But still love this new Top Gun trailer
They should've cast Ingrid Bolso Berdal from WESTWORLD or Yvonne Strahovski...this Actress looks frickin boring as hell...
This is literally man of steel 2 without Henry cavill but as Bree larson (or whatever her name is)as superman. Lol. Kinda sucks
Looks great just feel that Brie's voice is like too soft and sweet for the character. Needs to be a little more fierce
Should have picked someone else to play Captain Marvel.  Brie Larson doesn't look like a super hero type.
I am.... disappointed, Brie definitely didn’t fit the role
the look of brie larson is not very strong....personally I think most of the mcu fans will not like her after seeing the movie...Morever, Her face is too much cute...and I think cute face is not completely adjust with a superhero persinality.....MCU should cast a good looking woman for that character not a cute looking
Eehhhh...  I'm a little underwhelmed?  Brie seemed a bit wooden if she didn't have her angry face on,  the music was a touch overpowering for the visuals,  and...  she clocks an old lady?!  WTF?!  Who's brilliant idea was it to put THAT in the trailer?
Really hope this actress delivers. She looks a little too basic and vanilla. Feels like after saving the day she'd walk into a local coffee shop,  order a pumpkin spiced chai latte and read some book based on the life of Virginia Wolfe while wearing something from Anthropologie.
This cast is not good, brie Larson really has a dead facial expression, even you guys say it is like terminator movie cuz she is brainwashed, is she gonna be the same face for the next two movies, the character is supposed to be a badass . Let's hope this doesn't suck cuz it's the first female standalone movie in this marvel cinematic universe.
Green Lantern but with a feminist actress that won't be likeable at all...
bre Larson sounds like a 13 year old girl in this movie...i hope she can sell the film.
Am I the only one who hates the fact that she’s gonna come in avengers 4 and save the day? The other actors have been working their goddamn asses of then Brie Larson (DONT get me wrong shes chill) just comes along and defeats thanos like that? It seems unfair
If you wanted an ugly actress as Captain Marvel, Amy Poehler, Amy Schumer or Amy Adams would have sufficed.
They are gonna have to work overtime to make this movie seem like a big deal and a must-see event.  Because this trailer didn't do that.  Neither does Brie Larson here.  I know people want to stay away from the Wonder Woman comparisons and her vs Gal, but one thing Gal has over Brie by spades is her face acting. That is what sold me on Wonder Woman a lot.  Brie just doesn't capture the same kind of face acting and emoting that gets me invested.  And the trailer doesn't do that either as well as screwing up her origin story.    
It was okay just okay nothing special I'm not a hater but brie Larson isn't perfect for this role
Plus, Brie is even excited to see the movie y’all so chill🤣😂!!!
I LOVE Marvel. But this...this looks sooo generic. And Brie Larson? She looks like plain vanilla and seems very soulless here.
I don't think Brie Larson was a good choice.
Brie Larson? I would have preferred Bree Olson
Brie Larson is a miss for me. People complained that Gal Gadot was too skinny to portray Wonder Woman, but Gal Gadot was able to capture the persona/spirit on Wonder Woman very well. But here, I see Brie Larson in cosplay, not Captain Marvel. She just doesn't look like she has that "it" factor". Her voice is wooden and monotone. I think she was a miscast for this role. 
Watch brie larson's room movie and then you won't ever call her a bad actress❤
- Brie Larson: I'm not who you think I am. 
Now I can die in peace after 19.  Bless me . Bless brie larson . Bless marvel cinematic universe.  Bless youtube😍😍😍😍😍😍😭😭😭😭
After Brie Larson was picked to star as Captain Marvel, I decided to finally get on the bandwagon and start reading some actual Marvel comics that inspired so many great MCU stories. And I have Kelly Sue Deconnick Captain Marvel's run to thank for keeping me so hyped about this character and for introducing me to so many other comic titles. Now, after seeing this trailer and catching some references I am beyond stocked to see Captain Marvel in her full glory. Can't wait for this movie. Keep it up Marvel! You guys are the best!
Brie Larson's wide range of expressions tho
Brie Larson hates white men, so I won't go see it.
Everything looks good except the actress. Something just seems off. Dont know what it is.
In my opinion, I thought the trailer was awesome and not disappointing. There must be a reason why they didn't really show the good parts so that they won't spoil the movie. Let's give Brie Larson a chance because she is a good actress.😊
This seems like it's just not going to work, and almost entirely because of casting. Brie Larson is a charisma vacuum. I simply could not care less about Captain Monotone here.
Damn people are being negative and salty af. If you don't like the actress for what she stands for, that's ok but let's wait till the movie comes out and judge it by then. If you don't want politics in your movies, then let's make that happen and evaluate the movie for what it is. To me this looks like a great teaser.
Compare this to the Wonder Woman trailer,  and this one looks awfully bland and generic. Gal Gadot looked liked a warrior/soldier who was fierce, compassionate and a badass. Brie Larson looks uninterested tbh
I don't know what's the problem... but the expression on Larson face is always like that she doesn't belong here.....
Brie Larson looks like the perfect fit for captain marvel....
And now,  we have an oscar winning actress. With a serious facial expression she's supposed to be sporting considering the serious scenes shown. 
I don't care what others think, this looks really good and Brie is an excellent actress and a good choice for the movie
Brie "White Guys Don't Get to Have Opinions" Larson
Don’t think Brie Larson is right for the role...but trust Kevin Feige 💪🏼
No-one seemed to have an issue with the excellent Wonder Wonder film, with an superb choice of leading star and director,  and it's questionable if the Superman character is even stronger than her. Several female characters in the Marvel's official canon (such as Phoenix and even the Scarlet Witch) are already as powerful, if not more powerful than people like Thor (does anyone have a problem with that?). This production, and the media beat-up about it seem like some last-minute, half-baked attempt at pushing forth some kind of social agenda on the loyal Marvel fans. Brie Larson also appears to have learnt her craft at the Hayden Christensen School of Method Acting.
I like the name Ms Marvel. And the actress voice seems too low and cute?  Idk she doesn’t sound like a superhero
I am a writer and artists. This movie don't look that good. It is a Superman wannabe.  Larson told me to F Off, I am a critic and movie goer, lover and writer. I do not like Larson, she is a bad actor. I am sorry. The graphics look lazy. My right. If you delete my comment, you are bigot. I am deaf. I am tired of Marvel, many of their movies are generic and boring. You need to do better. stop being lazy and stop listening to a tiny group. You  Normal folks need to stop watching garbage, yearly releases make movies bad. Marvel just take some time off, make better movies. The last few movies been boring.
I have no idea what the story is about, who "Captain Marvel" is, aside from a granny basher. And why is it the actress seems to pretty much have only one facial expression? The heck?!?!
Am i the only one who remembers brie as envy in Scott pilgrim
Why so serious Brie?!!
Brie Larson has the model for this generation, thanks that we have one more woman can do anything
I seriously believe that Emily blunt is perfect for the role. I love Larson but blunt is a better choice
Super excited!!! Brie looks amazing
Wasnt expecting this good of a trailer but still gave me the chills. Brie isnt so bad afterall.
It’s the first trailer so maybe the next one will be better. Not convinced by Brie Larson either.
I am not impressed . I was excited and now im just disappointed. Should have chosen a different actress for this role. She seems too soft and cheesy to play captain marvel . 🙄🤔
Don't know. The trailer overall was pretty underwhelming. I mean the score was solid, the editing of the trailer was decent. However Brie Larson looks so damned bored during the entire trailer. It's like she has no emotional depth or range. Her expression is the same throughout the entire trailer. Is it bad that I feel that a talking tree that says a grand total of three words has more emotional range than what we are seeing here? I didn't hate the trailer, but I wasn't exactly impressed either. I can't give it a like or a dislike, if there was a sideways thumb or something I'd give it a click.
For all you guys saying Brie Larson having no expressions, listen! because she's been brainwashed or her memory is been erased.
Starring Brie Larson the chick who said she "doesn't hate white dudes" three times, while simultaneously giving a speech about why there should be less white men reviewing movies. It will be interesting to find out what kind of rating this gets on Rotten Tomatoes.
Looks boring as shit. Brie Larson looks disinterested. I had my doubts about this one and this trailer did absollutely nothing to change my opinion. Hard pass.
01:43 A fitting reply for all those who said Brie Larson sucks at facial expressions..
Can Bree Larson look anymore bored than she has already? I'll be sure to lower my expectations for this movie
You really need models not great actress to sell a Woman in CBM ?? 🤔 Gal is not a great actress but she has a presence plus wW trailer was much better edited
Yikes.. This honestly looks boring. I'm really worried about the casting choice of Brie Larson
Definitely not as hyped as i was when Ant-man 2's trailer appeared. Why does Brie Larson sound bored? I was hoping they would start her out as Ms.Marvel then move on to Captain.
I don't think Brie Larsen was the best choice for Captain Marvel. Her voice and facial expressions only seem to show a lack of interest in the role. Love the CGI Nick Fury though.
This is literally shit...looks like a trailer for some tv series and the actress is just too emotional.  No superhero vives
"I'm not what you think I am." Well, you're certainly not a convincing actress.
Really hope it’s just a bad trailer and not the movie bc it looks eh right now. And ik this actress is good so what’s with the fam lifeless acting? I get it she’s not suppose to be from around here buuuut it just sounds sooo bad
Huh. Not sold on this actress yet.
The actress makes it rather boring to watch...
I was sold when Brie got the role. Knew she'd ace it.
Blockbuster video in the first 10 seconds, no lame jokes that felt forced, Brie Larson is a bad ass - I'M DOWN.
That actress just isn't right for this role.... They seriously couldn't find someone better? xD
Not a good actress no xpressions ..
I love Brie Larson
Brie Larson is everything.
we live in a take down culture where our only goal as a society is to tear women in lead roles apart. People body slammed Gal Gadot in the first Wonder Woman trailer and casting, People tried to bring up dirt on her to smear her name. People tried to smear Jodi Witakers name for playing the Doctor in Doctor who. People body slam and shame Daisy Ridley in Star Wars. and now theres people body slamming Brie Larson and questioning her ability to act, despite her already having an academy award. This society does not support women in film.
Look extremely boring , like paint by number boring . But as Brie Larson said ,  i'm a white dude , so this movie is not for me , i won't see it anyway .
I liked the trailer. Not completely sold on the voice Brie Larson is using for Captain Marvel though
I don't understand the hate that this trailer and Brie Larson is receiving. For me it was Great. This movie was set on 1990s that maybe explains the lack of technological devices,making the movie a little dull,but that does not mean the trailer or the movie will be bad.Overall we just have to wait for the other trailer and the movie. let's not judge her acting in a 2 minute clip ....lets just give the credit that it deserves.
Snore. It's going to suck. She has 0 charisma. Better suited to get coffee for actresses than be one herself.
Marvel finally has a good actress to tell a story... Brie Larson performance is a masterpiece 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
Brie Larson look like a cashier at costco
Big fan from India of brie larson
Brie Larson - Huh..? I'm Captain marvel..💪
The only exciting part about this movie is Samuel L Jackson, Blockbuster, and Clark Gregg. I was expecting Captain Marvel to kick ass and take names - stoically. Instead she is portrayed wimpy and lame. Emotionless in the wrong way, not the cool way. And her hair, while she looking very beautiful, would look so much better cut off. Possibly when she fights Thanos she will cut her hair? I really love this actress though. She is awesome. I hope the newer trailers will change my mind. As someone who is supposed to fight against Thanos, I was expecting something far better than Iron Man or Thor. I guess expecting a strong, fierce personality like Wonder Woman from Captain Marvel was my mistake.
The trailer doesn't show much, just a lot of walking and posing with a few glimpses of brief action and character interactions, to say this movie is going to suck based on a snippet is just crazy, especially when we all know the track record of Marvel post Winter Soldier. Man of Steel had awesome trailers and we all know how that turned out(for those who didn't like it that is, I know some did)...The first trailer, good or bad, rarely determines the quality(or lack there of) of the actual film.
Mmhmm, I’m not entirely won over by Brie Larson’s acting, but hopefully she’ll grow on me.
My brother said he saw her face on the thumbnail and that killed his mood from clicking on the video. He said at least find a decent looking actress. LMFAO!!!
Brie Larson will nail this I hope!
Brie larson may be the best actor in this but she hasn't got that super hero vibe/feel.
Sorry but this trailer is so evident that Brie Larson was a terrible choice. hope I'm wrong though.
Brie Larson is gonna to be amazing as Captain Marvel!!!
Brie Larsons acting seems a littllleeeeee uhhh rough, hope they don't use any of those takes cause honestly all those voice clips sounded awful
Im waiting for Rogue to kill off Brie Larson...i mean "Captain" Marvel. And before anyone starts with the "sexist" shit I'm a girl who reads comics. They picked the whitest most valley girl indie actress in history to play an iconic character.  At least DC tried with Gal Gadot!
I mean she's a great actress but Idky I'm just not feelin it.. But let's see it could be interesting..
I liked Brie in Room but she seems out of place as a superhero
Brie Larson always looks mad.
- Bri Larson punching old lady in the face
Not crazy about Larson, but the cosmic stuff looks cool.  I predict a 6/10 movie
To be honest im not really hype seeing this trailer, Brie Larson is as No No for me to Play Captain Marvel, but this is just my opinion based on this trailer alone, i hope im not gonna dissapointed when watching the movie later
Well...after pushing feminist agendas with this movie and after the comments of Brie Larson about white critics you could expect a good first trailer at least but I think marvels goal for this movie is to disappoint fans from the get go
Can you all just appreciate that this is their first trailer for it? Of course it's not gonna blow us away quite yet, Marvel would never spoil the movie for us. Stop being so pessimistic about this movie, you can't judge it based on a teaser trailer. And for those who are complaining about Brie Larson- her being Captain Marvel and the fact that she's a woman? It's from the comics, of course she's a woman. And if you don't trust Marvel's choice to cast Brie as Captain Marvel, I'd like to see you all name someone better. Just wait to watch the goddamn movie before being so pessimistic and making a judgement.
people love anything with a woman in 2018. The lead of this movie shows no emotion, no facial expressions, no energy. The trailer is a hodge podge of nothingness. This is boring and generic.  Brie Larson is 100% not believable as a superhero or fighter pilot, much less the most powerful being in the universe.
Too many "I'm not excited", "I'm not hyped"... That was exactly my attitude at Black Panther's trailers, then I loved the movie. But I gotta say that Brie Larson is looking like Ben Affleck in Daredevil.
The trailer and actress didnt inspire me so much, other marvel movies had better trailers than this one
Kinda don't like the actress her voice just seems so emotionless.
I've been waiting on this trailer for a while, I kind of expected more. Not a very exciting trailer. Brei Larson's portrayal of Captain Marvel, based solely off of this trailer, is cardboard, lacking in charisma or likability.
I just love ths actress... She is too beautiful
Technically Brie Larson did win best actress in Room. However, I have the firm opinion that the award should have gone to Saoirse Ronan for her role in Brooklyn which, to me, was a much better movie.
I mean its got me on Sam Jackson looking young without trying but... I'll be dead honest, Brie does not do a goof job of selling Captain Marvel in my eyes. The looks right but the "resting bitch" face and mostly plain delivery isn't working for me.
I hope this "Brie Larson" guy is better than the last Goku!
I love Brie larson
once again, I have not seen an actor work from brie larson here
Brie Larson is a really talented actress. Has anyone here seen "Room"? Check it out.
Brie Larson 😕 not well suited
So badass! Brie is kicking so much ass. I love seeing insecure males get butthurt over her badasery.
I'm gushing over this trailer! I love Brie Larson as Captain Marvel!
So I don't know much about the actress that plays the lead, but is that her normal tone of voice?    it rubbed me the wrong way, for some reason.
At least they got a hot actress to play her
I love marvel movies and all but this movie does not look all that interesting and the actress seems like she just came straight out of drama class from high school
it better, but I'll give Brie a chance.
I think the reason not a lot of people are sold is because they are just playing super epic music over some pretty standard looking shots and Larson talking, for the most part, pretty monotone. She's a good actress so it's probably more fitting for the scene they took it from, but it isn't trailer worthy.
Brie larson good choice
Brie Larson doesnt have the appeal of other marvel superheroes too
Damn people really tearing Brie and the  trailer itself apart.
what's with the same face in every seen on Larson?
Brie Larson is so beautiful as Carol dancers :3
Brie Larson, actress of 1000 exactly similar disinterested faces. This and Black Panther are the only 2 Marvel movies I wouldn’t wipe my butt with.
Brie Larson looks so sexy as Captain Marvel! 😍
Brie is so pretty. I can’t even.
Larson looks like she's bored in every scene.
It’s comforting to know that in this age of steel and plastics Marvel is still able to find a wooden actress.
Anyway the lead actress is just not fit for this role, just feels like it. From the first moment I saw a photo I just said "doesn't feel right". Also It's Captain Marvel... she is like the Super Man of Marvel, but she doesn't look badass to me *at all*. I don't know... I really hope they don't screw up now!
Was excited for this movie until Larson got on her soap box to complain about nothing. No, I'm not a white male...
So all in all, I think this was a good teaser. I can only imagine what the official trailer will have for us. I am a tad bit concerned about Brie Larson's lack of facial expressions. Come on Marvell, you cannot screw this up for you, me and most importantly all of your legions of fans. Let this be Marvel's version of Wonder Woman.
they could hv taken a better actress
Boring trailer and this is obviously another agenda movie to “empower” women like Wonder Woman. Brie Larson looked bored and uncomfortable in this trailer. Marvel turned the Hulk into a wimp so they can build up Captain Marvel and make a female save the day. I’ll skip this in theaters and wait for a rental.
Holy shit!!!!! This looks fuckin awesome 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍♥️♥️♥️♥️ Brie Larson is lit af 💥💥💥💥💥💣💣💣
Old lady: Do you ever smile Brie Larson? What.. don't hit me...
I'm unsure. Brie Larson, am I allowed to give my opinion? It looks pretty decent to be honest. Was I allowed to say this, Brie Larson? Samuel looks great as usual. Again, unsure if I'm even allowed to say this. Brie Larson? Was that ok?
After seeing The Room, it's safe to say Brie Larson is a good actress. However this trailer and the magazine photos kinda makes her look bad. So it's is very likely that the director is to blame. Either that or she wants to go full woke on us since she is after all a liberal.
To quote a comment from somewhere for those who criticises Brie Larson for being emotionless, read this: Brie Larson already have said in a interview that Carol struggles between her Kree side, that is a emotionless soldier focused only in her mission, and her Human side, that is funny and reckless, so stop whining that she only have one expression in her face.
Думаю фильм будем крутой. Актриса Brie Larson тоже хорошо подходит к этой роли. Привет из России, не все русские плохие.
The trailer starts off so weak (crashing into a Blockbuster to establish timing is a little easy) but it gets SO good. The punching the old lady on the subway is an excellent thing to put in a trailer cuz it asks a million questions that we won't get answers for. Exactly what you should put in a trailer. And the various quick shots of her getting up in different ages was so, so awesome. Also, Bree Larson is hot AF
I really liked the mysterious tone of the trailer, gave it a good vibe. But Brie Larson's voice killed my chances of liking the character; better casting should have been made.
The actress doesn't fit the captain marvel character at all
Here's hoping...it isn't 90% Political. Super pumped since Ms. Larson is a Dynamo. Clark Gregg is going to steal all his scenes. Excited for this one - but Scarlett needs her own Black Widow movie, like, 5 years ago...
Dead people have more life in them than Brie Larson.
Brie Larson was once an actress. Now, she's just a dumb celebrity
I feel a real disconnect with Captain Marvel from this trailer; she seems so bland and emotionless. If this is on purpose, it feels like a definite waste of Brie Larson's acting skill, what's the point of casting an Oscar winner if you're just going to make the character so boring?
I really don't like that actress ;(
A mediocre actress for a powerful character in MCU.
I don't care how many tickets this film sells. It still doesn't change the fact that Disney is promoting feminism through feminist Brie Larson just like Disney promoted feminism through feminist Emma Watson in The Beauty and the Beast. 
I don't understand why her acting seems so sub par. It's dare I say, CW channel level in this trailer. Even that Supergirl actress has more charm and charisma.
Captain marvel.....Is definitely not brie Larson....... Heroes literally get matched to their comic personalities....Eg. Tony stark and Robert downy jr....But this doesn't match
Brie Larson is Bae!!! 😍😍😍
This looks like purge, and Brie Larson sux
how to make money .....write a bs script ...hire unworthy actresses / actors ...relate the shit somehow to feminism and all the brainless fat women will come shouting          ' future is female '.. a trend has started to push and make women superheroes and they all are a big fail.
I love Brie but her hair here is just not right. The hair dresser made it look like a wig I can’t believe she got hired.
Meh. Looks okay, but the actress is seriously underwhelming...
After seeing this for the second time, I can tell why some commenters are dissing or not liking the trailer as much,  I dont think it gives Captain Marvel the credit she deserves, being the first female superhero movie for mcu, it is not interesting enough in the plot and the actor Brie does look a little bored, I will say this trailer feels like more about Nick Fury than anything because he is narrating most of what goes on and only hear Brie Larson aka Captain Marvel talk a bit but never hear what she has to say about her own story or life becoming a hero. Plus much of the scenes jump around to much to give specific details on her story. My point being this trailer could have been a bit better, either way I am still going to see it cuz its Marvel and everthing will come together once i see it
Gal Gadot's aura is better than Brie Larson!!!
Brie Larson scared face:  :/
Brie larson said it was sexist for Captain Marvel to Smile? Shes sexist for not smiling as the character.
Not sure about this particular actress as an action hero. Still think they should've made a Black Widow movie.
Anybody else think Brie Larsons acting is awful
Well i don't know much about Captain Marvel, except that she is supposed to be super strong. But from this trailer I can't feel that. Also Brie Larson's voice sounds like "daddy's sassy little princess" and not like a heroine.
I'm honestly so happy for Brie Larson for landing this role. She's an AMAZING actress and for her to go from her role in Scott Pilgrim singing songs, to the amazing indie movie Short Term 12, to her phenomenal performance that got her a hard earned Oscar in Room, to joining the Marvel UNIVERSE! She's come so far and her success is all well deserved. I never expected her career to take a turn this way but I'm glad it is because now so many more people are going to know her name and she's really going to make a mark on the industry.
Brie Larson's delivery of those lines is pretty terrible
I don’t what the next to show I will wait for movie itself. I feel they directed Brie to play the character that way.
Marvels sucks DC Stand for definitely cooler than marvel also Brie Larson sucks as a superhero women should stay in the kitchen
This movie and d actress will have a direct comparison with wonder woman nd Gal gadot.
looks boring just like the actress
Didn't this actress complain and pull the feminism card when some guy at an airport asked for her number?
I guess Brie Larson recently graduated the Twilight School of Expressionless Acting
why did you delete my comment and removed my dislike? all i said was "watching Brie Larson's emotionless dead face makes me bored to the death. not worth to even buy the DvD".
Looks like this will be the first Marvel film I don't go to see! Trailer should leave me excited and wanting more, but it didn't. It was so..."meh". The actress was wooden and boring in Kong, and just weird in 21 Jump Street. I look at her blank, expressionless face in every frame, and she makes me feel bored. No thanks, Marvel.
is it just me or im more excite to see Agent coulson...jude law... but meh at Brie... i was waiting for this trailer for a long time.. n no goostbump..
Brie Larson: my superpower is speaking with 0 % inflection
Need better actress
I can’t stand this chick!  They could have cast a different actresses.  Disappointing!
Brie Larson is one of my favorite actresses. I've been waiting for this movie for quite a while.
This shit connects to avengers 4,that's the only reason I'm gonna go watch this.btw I don't care about captain Marvel or brie Larson.
This was underwhelming. Larson was far more intimidating in Kong. Why does she seem so naive and childish here?
Brie Larson.. hmm ... doesn't fit captain marvel .. sorry.. Not interested in this movie.. now I'm worried about avengers 4.. sad
Looks decent. No complaints.... Let's see how it works out. I would have liked to have seen Ronin The Accuser in the trailer but we only got a brief glimpse of his back.... Meh.
What a riveting performance, Kree Larson
What a shit actress
If the lead actress can't even get excited about this movie, how are we supposed to?
Is it just me or does Brie Larson's voice fit what anyone else had in mind for Captain Marvel? In the trailer her voice sounds......whiny and very high pitched like she is on the verge of crying.
Watched the trailer but it didn’t make me feel excited for the movie. I’m a long time MCU fan but this movie doesn’t seem interesting. I keep thinking that maybe Brie Larson wasn’t the best person for this part. I don’t know maybe I’ll have to wait and see the film.
Could have used an actress that has more than one facial expression.
So I'm curious as to why Marvel chose a racist, sexist actress to portray their lead in this movie. I mean if we are all about equality these days, should she not be held to the same standard as every other ass clown that has had their career's destroyed for being a racist sexist POS? Ohhhhh right. We aren't about equality, we are about favoritism and live in a society where the only acceptable form of discrimination is against white men. Good job Marvel. Yes yes, "TRIGGERED!" White fragility, blah blah blah.
1:01 my face watching this trailer. Does Brie Larson suffer from the same condition as Kristen Stewart? I mean, is she capable of expressing emotion?
The only thing I Marvel at is how underwhelming this looks. I like Brie Larson but not in this kind of role. Katheryn Winnick would have been so much better.
The actress looks so bored.  There's just a blank expression on her face for this whole trailer.  It's a big deal to be in an MCU film and she doesn't seem to care.
Such a range of emotion from Larson. I think she'll make an excellent Captain Marvel, with the same outstanding acting that Natalie Portman gave to Padme Amadala.
Sorry but brie larson looks like a bot. No expressions, talking in a monotone like what the hell. Marvel should have hired a different actress
Why does Brie Larson sound so weird? She sounds like really really girly. Like I know she’s a girl but I’ve heard her voice before but now it sounds like she just got a venti pumpkin spice latte and almost spilt it on her Uggs.
I want my Okoye or Shuri movie. Why does this boring character with the most boring actress ever get a stand alone movie instantly? After so many of her comics went horribly.
I don't like Brie Larson being cast as Captain Marvel, but I don't know why...
Brie Larson, PLEASE make sure to do Captain Marvel's role with justice next year! I know you will! <3 :D
Brie "I went to Same acting School as that twilight girl" Larson
The trailer isn't great but the movie looks very promising. Hopefully for the next few months Brie can keep her mouth shut and her feminist politics to herself
Shit! A Baywatch/Bold and beautiful style actress. Thor two, Captain America the first avenger lets hope this is not
0:53 smfh you guys sleep on brie larson so much. Also this is a 2+ hour movie
Brie Larson at her best❤️
This actress for my channel!
My pet rock has more facial expressions than Brie Larson.
Brie Larson looks like she's perpetually bored through the trailer. Hope her acting is just cut off in the jump cuts. I need a decent single hero movie. Also Captain Marvel just isn't that interesting, she is just Green Lantern in combo with Superman but a woman. I hope this Movie makes her interesting.
Wow, this movie looks as terrible as I anticipated. Way to go casting Brie Larson, Marvel.....worst casting decision ever.
This actress has no charisma at all.
yes brie my queen
OMG she is the actress from the room😯😍
I’m kind of disappointed. She is one of my favorite marvel characters and I think Brie is a great actress but she has a limited amount of facial expressions while acting and I just don’t see her as captain marvel.
That trailer is shit ! Just like that protagonist Brie Larson!
i love you brie
Captain Marvel is so badass. Brie in rockin this role! She has the serious attitude to own this I can't wait!
I'm pretty indifferent to this right now. Might be hard for me to get into as I'm not a fan of Brie Larson.
Whose idea was it to cast Brie Larson? Worst actress I've seen in a long time. Zero emotion.
This actress... No. 0/0
Am i the only one thinking Marvel use the wrong actress? Damn...i hope she don't just simply over powered superhero that break all the balance of MCU
Maybe I just don't know anything about captain marvel, but brie's acting is really stale based on this trailer. She seems as if she was just cashing into the mcu without considering that she's probably going to be in several more mcu movies.
Guys, please help me out. How can I watch Captain Marvel without thinking about Brie Larson feet? I mean have you seen them?
I can understand the confusion and skepticism around this trailer. But let’s be real,  a 2 minute trailer, showing ..... not a lot but enough, with minimal lines from the main character herself. We cannot judge that at all,  For a teaser trailer, is was what it is, a teaser. In terms of Brie’s acting, I can see where people are coming from, but again, these are just a handful of scenes, it’s more than probable that when we see the more serious of scenes we’ll see the emotion that people say she’s lacking. But overall the film looks decent imo, and a good addition.
Man this trailer was very disappointing...it actually bored me, very rare thing for me and Marvel trailers... . And Larson is such a boring actress, shes HOT somewhat, but she always look kinda duh, duuuuuh,duhduh, duuuuuh....
Brie Larson is a better actor than all of the Avengers combined so this is... disappointing.
My personal opinion: Meh. I'm not entirely convinced to be hyped up. Don't get me wrong though, I do like her character but I wouldn't say that she's my favorite. I know we only get about 7 seconds of her acting but the performance doesn't seem all that outstanding. I haven't seen her in anything before this so I can't say she's a terrible actress so I won't. As for the type of story they seem to want to tell, it looks like she has amnesia or something which can make for an interesting story. But who knows.
Why marvel need a captain marvel when they have the Iron man Spiderman hulk , trailer was good, the actress suits though captain marvel need is a question?
Brie Larson is a squeaker
Bad Actress and Bad Trailer, really hope the Movie is still good though
To all the people in the comments hating on the actress, lets just give her a chance. Lets watch the movie first then judge her acting ok??? Can she carry a powerful character or not? Marvel pretty much nails all the actors they pick so lets see how this works out.
Brie Larson wrong pick  special effects quality of tv show I think wonder women did so well they went low on budget this will be good on demand movie if that or if your bored on a Friday with money to waste go for it :)
>Brie Larson
brie larson is so god damn hot
I just love Brie Larson, she has strength and vulnerability at the same time
Brie wasn't very impressive in Skull Island too which was another sci-fi movie. This teaser here is again failing to impress me when it comes to her character. 
im sure its going to be great. Brie Larson is a great actress.
Brie Larson is an amazing actress. But its hard for fans to digest the fact that "a woman avenger" can be more powerful that mighty Hulk or Gigantic Mega powerful THOR who is a God. Hence, comparisons are being made and trailer is receiving negative feedback. 
I really hope this somehow gets changed in the final trailer but Brie Larson Visually fits the look but MAN is her face just expressionless even her voice is boring. You should be a LITTLE more charismatic joining this billion dollar franchise lol
I get the old lady is a Skrull.... but I also appreciate the trailer actually gives zero context for the punch at any point. So it's an old lady smiling at Brie Larson getting rocked. A+.
Why is Jude Law giving more emotions in 0,5s than Brie Larson in the whole trailer ?
Never seen such a drab trailer before from marvel. Why does brie larson act like a robot here? I'm pretty dissatisfied
Idk bruh I don't have anything against brie Larson but Idk if she's the right actress for this. She just sounds too nice and girly. I didn't get a strong or powerful presence from her acting in this trailer. I'm just skeptical no hate. What do you guys think?
Omg that actress has the most boring and emotionless face I ever seen.....
It's going to be hard to follow up after infinity war was so good and so anticipated. I honestly won't be watching this one simply because her character has never interested me, the actress doesn't appeal to me either. Just so many other movies I'd rather watch and dedicate time to. I'm sure this is a movie I can skip and still be able to follow along with the mcu. I really only watch marvel movies with the hero's and characters I love and I don't like captain marvel no matter her role in the mcu. Sorry marvel not for me. Also as a strong female myself I don't really care for these strong female character movies I watch movies for the hot boys in all honesty so I know this will appeal to those feminists but not me. Oh  well ill wait till the infity war 2 trailer comes out I'll wait to throw my money then.
Lastly, let's not forget that Brie Larson has won the Academy Award for Best Actress.  She knows what she's doing.  You can't judge the full range of her performance (including the emotional aspects of her character) from a brief teaser trailer.
Ok ok ok I was one of those people who said “wtf is Brie Larson’s line delivery so wooden.” But then I started thinking about it. So the Kree have traditionally been portrayed as perfect beings who aren’t emotional. Then in an interview with ew Brie says she has this half Kree side which is unemotional and her human side which is flawed. I think the Kree as a race are unemotional here and as the film goes on she will get more in touch with her human side. Just a theory
I have to admit. I was very skeptical, but after this trailer, I'm friggin stoked. Brie Larson may pull this one off. Edit: and for those that say she needs to smile more. She smiled 3 times in this teaser, may be smiling under the mask flying thru space, and probably smiled after smacking the old lady. Besides, can you imagine her smiling thru all those serious scenes? It would suddenly be a DC movie.
Geez Brie Larson looks about as excited to be Captain Marvel as Natalie Portman was to be in Thor 2.
Brie Larson's acting looks absolutely horrid, that punch she threw looks so FRAUDULENT. Either Captain Marvel doesn't know how to fight or Brie Larson was miscast.
I now see Brie Larson in a wholenother level of admiration and fascination.
Brie has me mesmerized
It's doesn't look like a bad movie. But does look generic (nothing to hook someone to make them want to spend money to see it). And let's be honest here Brie Larson's action is bland and wooden to say the least. A cardboard cutout shows as much emotions and she seems to. It is a problem I have seen with a lot of today's actors (mostly the actresses) they have one expression and one expression only and if we get lucking they may have some minor variations on that expression. And they deliver their dialogue in a flat almost monotone way even when "showing" "intense" "emotions". They are like robots that have never had real emotions  play acting as humans.
This actress reminds me of Jennifer Lawrence's performances. Just stand there are wait for the director to to yell scene. Don't dare show emotion or, you know, acting.
Brie Larson kind of just looks bored the whole trailer, except for that moment when she punches an octogenarian, she seemed into that
I'll still trust brie larson though..because marvel is always good in casting..i trust marvel..although i want emily blunt to be captain marvel in the first place
Wrong choice of actress.
People with too high of expectations for the first trailer for what was an obscure character in Marvel. Shows you how far this franchise has come. Award winning directors. Award winning actress. Let's hold back the hate, 7 months out, shall we?
Trailer was boring. The actress playing Captain Marvel is also very plain and boring.
Isn't Brie a type of cheese
Brie Larson is hawt
Brie Larson To Play Feminist Icon In New Movie
I'm getting Rey from Star Wars vibes. I hate Rey. She's a broken character with no flaws who's "lost" and Daisy Ridley can't act well. Captain Marvel is lost as well and this actress is struggling to emote.
Happy birthday, Captain Larson !
Anyone else think Jude Law’s character mind wiped Brie Larson’s? Look at his yellow Skywalker eyes!! What if he’s a Skrull!!
Brie "I saw your kid eating dirt" Larson
Is that Bri Larson ?
Bad thing: Boring actress and boring trailer.
I'm sorry but Brie justs looks to bland.
I feel like this was more showing what Phase 4 will introduce with the Skrulls, and likely the idea that they might take the form of the old heroes we love, or at least, that’s my overanalytical justification of why Brie Larson punches an old lady. It looks like it’ll be a mix of Man of Steel and Wonder Woman, in terms of story and quality, where the parts where she’s being human will leave something to be desired, but with some Samuel L. Jackson flair, it looks like it could still be pretty fun. Larson fits the image of Captain Marvel better than I was expecting, so I’m really excited to see her character more than anything else. Marvel’s casting is one of their best qualities, and this is no exception.
OMG They had the perfect actress for this role and instead they go with Brie Larson who is just not that convincing as Captain Marvel. Katee Sackhoff would have been absolutely perfect for this role.
The actress looks SO BORED in the trailer!!!!  I don't know about this movie... pretty generic :/
i don't think Brie Larson would be the best person to play Captain Marvel......
Looks promising. I have more to learn about this character. Brie Larson was good in Kong: Skull Island too.
You can't expect Gal Gadot to do a performance like Brie did in the movie Room. 
The actress sucks
Total BS! Brie Larson is a horrible choice for Captain Marvel. This doesn't beat Aquaman's trailer at all.
This isn't a movie for straight white men, said Ms.Larson... She sure spared me 2 hours of boredom. Thank you, Brie !
This is fine and they are showing us what they us to see it is basically a teaser trailer if it was an official it would last longer than 2 minutes I believe.  So everybody chill out. Brie Larson has done the right acting for this since doesn't know anything about her past
So I'm biased when I say this film looks dull. Not that my humble opinion matters when this film will be pushed like the second coming of Christ and we'll get the obligatory black panther-esque women's power salute, while celebs jump on the bandwagon and call Brie Larson the most empowering woman in history.
That looks pretty cool. Ms Marvel is coming by in cinemas in March 2018. This will probably in the month of “Women’s International Month” and wow, Brie Larson nailed her established character who can enter to face the situation in previously “Infinity War” and now she face the consequences to bring back the heroes and face Thanos.
This is the first time youre seeing her; in a *two minute clip*. The editor chooses the shots used for it. You can’t just claim that she’s “boring” or “a bad actress”. She won an Oscar for a reason, marvel hired her for a reason and she’s super animated in interviews.
I could do without a Brie Larson. She's really boring. Just look at her face through out this trailer. Where's the MCU fun?
Captain marvel is only good for one thing, and thats sucking my ballz. Actually, I dont know, Brie Larson looks like a stuck up little kunt who probably complains about giving a good bj
MCU fans have very high standards for new characters. There are things in this trailer I'm unsure of, but we cant forget that the ones who arranged infinity war arranged this movie. also, Guardians 1 looked like it'd flop and turned out great, so I'll have an open mind with this before I reject Larson.
Brie Larson’s voice makes me want to bust a whole nut tbh
Can't wait to watch Brie Larson beat up a senior citizen....
Brie Larson is soo cute.... Sam Jackson looking cool. Waiting for another trailer for more context before I judge it.
Maybe Brie Larson is just good at playing a kree
Not feeling the actress but we'll see.
Love it, my beautiful much needed woman super hero kicking some ass. Brie you’re amazing!!!
Thats the same actress that played the high school girl in 21 jump Street I think
Man Marvel so many great female actresses and you picked her no range way to drop the ball sad day
I still think that Brie Larson wasn't the best choice for Captain Marvel, not that she's not a good actress, she just doenst have the Superhero type.
I also don't like the voice of the actress (just my opinion) as it seems bland. It could be a case of bad casting. 
God her face is annoyingly dull here. Can't act for shit in this trailer. Should have gone with Jude Law as the Captain Marvel. His brief scene looked really good.
This looks like trash. I don't understand anything and Brie Larson has such a babyish voice in this. She has such a different voice in real like. It seems like it will be A Fant4Stic type of film.
I'm looking forward to Carol Dancers topless scene. After all Brie Larson is all about equality
For the first time in 10 years i will not watch a marvel movie in theatres and will pirate it..instead...this is one of the worst marvel trailers of all time..and Brie Larson looks like she isn't even interested
People ---> Captain Marvel Trailer Sucks, Boring AF, Brie Larson is boring .... etc
İt dont look good, i think they pick a bad actress
Brie Larson does not feel like the right choice for this character.  Hopefully her performance will shine throughout the film,  but this trailer does not do her any favors.
Luvv Brie Larson💙
Complaining about a best actress winner's facial expressions in a two minute trailer shows people will look for any reason to complain about this movie. Y'all need to sit down.
Can't same I'm impressed. Looks like the same old, stale, over-cgi-ed, transformers-esque, formulaic Marvel title. "yawn." And as to Brie Larson, never heard of her until today. And she doesn't exactly inspire confidence. This looks like its gonna be another "see! girls can kick ass too!"-focused movies. I'm putting my bets on her being another unrelatable, OP'd, Mary Sue that has zero character flaws, development, or actual challenges. 
Bro the amount of comments saying this movie “looks trash” is ridiculous. Honestly I can’t help but think this seriously is all because it’s bri Larson and she’s a female lead hero. I’m not saying anyone is “sexist” but from the moment this movie was announced and she was cast I saw thousands of fans IMMEDIATELY bash the movie. We get it you guys are used to seeing guys be the lead and kick ass. It won’t kill you to see one female lead hero! Geez. Be open minded.
BORING! is it just me or does bree larson look like she couldnt be botherd acting in this? I think ill give this one a miss at the movies.
WRONG CASTING DECISION MARVEL... Brie's voice sounds so damn flimsy and her acting and facial expression makes Vladimir Putin look like Richard Simmons. 
The voice over was horrible. Brie looks out of place in this trailer. Underwhelming
People questioning the choice of actress: She's a very versatile Oscar winner who you may have seen in Scott Pilgrim vs The World and Community (and a bunch of other stuff, but eh). She's an excellent choice for the part.
That's how you make a female superhero movie DC and that's the type of actress you choose for the role!
Love how people judging the actress's performance and the whole movie just by watching a 2 mins trailer. People really need to chill the f*ck down. Judging by what Marvel did for the last 10 years for the whole MCU, I believe they know what they're doing.
The actress who plays Captain Marvel is very monotone with zero charisma.  But trailers can be misleading so hopefully the actual movie proves me wrong.
I am Not digging the back story. Or the actress they picked to play this character.  Seems weak.
Brie 'boring as wallpaper paste' Larson
Underwhelming.  It's visually great, it has all the right beats and it tells me a bit about the story but it tells me NOTHING about the character.  I'm not picking on Brie Larson's acting ability but she has the exact same facial expression in every scene, regardless of the circumstances or the action. The one exception is a brief smile she cracks in the car with Nick Fury.  
Jesus Christ, Brie is just as boring as the cheese she is named after..
Big fan of Brie. I’m hoping she brings the strong female presence CM has and doesn’t need loads of well delivered one liners to pander to target audiences. She’s Captain Marvel ffs lol. 
The grandma must be a skrull. I set my expectations really low, due to the fact that it’s brie Larson, so that I could still, if anything, watch a decent addition to the MCU and not feel like I was preached to. This trailer gave me hope that it’s gonna be a normal movie and not marvel going rogue. I advise those skeptical fans to do the same lol
Rumor has it that the sequel will feature Brie Larson searching the Galaxy for a second facial expression
...am i the only one genuinely excited for this movie? Brie looks awesome!
I know she is talented actress.but as she is superhero in this film.i Dont she No expression.Even single shot of Jude law has more expression.thats just my opinion.
1:34 isnt that the same device used at the end of avengers infinity war? At the end credits brief showing video
Brie meet sam L jackson again after kong: skull island
1) Brie Larson didn’t ruin Captain Marvel because of “bad acting”. Her mind was erased so she’s literally emotionless. 2) The old lady was a skrull, a shape shifting alien. 3) This movie is going to be amazing
Nice, the only reason to go see this movie is the return of Ronan the Accuser.   Now if we can just get them to CGI some personality onto Brie Larson, oh and an ass we are good to go.
This trailer was meh... Lol I'm trying to picture Brie Larson as Captain Marvel but somehow I just can't yet. This trailer was poorly put together.
Guys, she has this cold and stiff voice and is acting emotionless because Carol was brainwashed, and with it she lost her memories and part of her humanity. It's like the Kree in her is the dominant part after having her mind wiped. After she regains her memories, she will act in a more normal and "human" way. Fear not, my friends, Brie Larson is a great actress and this in on purpose.
When Kristen Stewart looks wooden on film it's because she's a huge pothead irl. What's Brie Larson's excuse? She's just really concerned about sexual harassment in the workplace? This isn't movie. It's a sleep aid.
Their are many better female actress for this role
Trailer looks awesome. I have high hopes for the movie. Wish they chose a more built actress, so long as we don't get those stupid "A girl can do anything a man can" moments it'll be a great movie.
Now thats gonna be huge, Brie Larson is a international treasure
Would it kill Brie Larson to stop being so monotone?
I really dont get it, why is everyone (Skrull lol) too quick to judge?! Or maybe everyone turns into a movie maker/director/jury/movie critcs/blah blah blah after Thanos' finger snap that they all have something negative to say. When Gal Gadot was choosen for WW everyone was also judging her and then it turns out  WHOAHHHH she's good or should I say "great". Marvel knows what they are doing, Brie has proven something in the big screen. Ohhh people!!!
This actress literally looks like super girl but older and in a different outfit. This BETTER not be like super girl, or I will not watch.
Terrible acting by the lead actress.
When everyone complains about the trailer but it’s only a teaser and judging Brie Larson’s character portrayal based on a two minute clip🤔
I see that Brie Larson likely had the same acting coach as Ryan Gosling and Daisy Ridley. One facial expression.
What's with the comment section being filled with sexist remarks and disappointment. One, gender doesn't matter. its 2018. Two, its just a damm teaser, they obviously won't show everything. The trailer does show Larson as a "meh" actor for Captain Marvel tbh,  but this is only 2 minutes out of a feature length film Calm down everyone. The movie wpnt suck.  this is a marvel movie with good directors, not DC. .
Brie Olson--OK, got it.  Jude Law----WTF
Brie "Im tired of listening to white men" Larson.
So unappealing. .I feel the casting is all wrong. .Brie Larson has zero expressions. Why are they shutting down Avengers in the first place? We love them so much..
Not sure if Brie Larson was the right choice for this role.. She kinda has that same dead fish look in her eyes every scene. Was kinda expecting a spunkier/sassy lead, but w/e what do I know. In the end its still a Marvel movie so I'm sure in the worst case scenario it'll just be meh.
Brie Larson looks boooooored!
Should have choose a better actress. She looks weak and her voice sounds like a teenage girl, she looked more like Super Girl
Terible actress for this role. All I see is feminist slathered all over this film.
Brie larson spoils it 4 me
two words. brie Larson
She reminds me of the actress that plays Piper I'm OITNB, and its gonna bother me so much. Cool trailer tho lmao
They chose the most generic Caucasian actress who doesn’t stand out all 💀
the main actress doesn't look like she can act to well, need to see more
I’m gonna be a hundred percent honest, i don’t care a bit about the story. If Brie Larson in a skintight costume is involved i’m down.
Wooo! Brie Larson is the perfect actress for Captain Marvel! Wakanda Forever! Rizvi out.
Why brie larson?...
Why brie larson, i hate brie larson, She is a good actress, but i really dont like her.
Kinda worried about the casting choice of Brie Larson if I am being honest. Love all of Marvels other casting so I hope I am wrong. I watched the infinity war trailer a 100 times the day it came out. Two seems enough for this one.
This trailer was kinda of... ehh. It didn’t hype me up at all. Brie Larson is a phenomenal actress but there was no excitement.
Brie Larson's smile is so beautiful .
If they could digitally remove Henry Cavill mustache, I'm sure they could CGI some expression and a smile on Brie Larson's face
she seems like the most bland actress ever. this looks okay, but I feel like she will drag the movie down.
Brie Larson kicks ass. People complaining about her don’t seem to know their stuff. She’s won plenty of awards for her work and I think she adds her own special flair. I’m super excited.
She looks so bored throughout the whole trailer. Brie has no range whatsoever wow
I like the dialogue and some of the imagery but Not a fan of the actress nor the modern interpretation of the character. TBH I always held onto hope that they would go with Monica Rambeau Captain Marvel. It doesn't look bad, but it doesn't look remarkable either. It looks just okay.
I've been waiting for this trailer like months, i really like brie larson and want to see what will going to happen with this movie. I feel a bit dissappointed for this trailer, but hell yeah i hope the next trailer and the movie will be good
Brie woodface larson
Why so many hate comments about the trailer? Some says that Brie Larson is not that good to portray Captain Marvel because of her face expression in the trailer. Most of people says that this trailer was boring.....
Everyone is judging this upcoming film based on a trailer of less than 2 minutes.  Those of you hating the actress because of her lack of emotion and monotone line delivery...maybe it was WRITTEN for her that way.  Stop hanging out on Youtube hating and go to school, or work, or go do something constructive.
Marvel casting will take their first L with Brie Larson!
Soo boring and brie larson feels like "why am i even here...." No charisma like wonderwoman
Also, the actress looks half asleep in every shot. Not exactly a good omen.
Damn can people go see the movie first before they start judging the casting choices? It's amazing how some of ya'll can predict how terrible Brie Larson is from a 2 min trailer.
What other actress could have done better any thoughts??
Brie Larson has more carisma than this, hopefully its just a trailer problem
I'm going to go see this but I hope the actress really is good in this.  I'm not hype at all from this trailer and I was expecting better.
So badass! Brie Larson baby yeah!!
#1 on INDONESIA ... !!! Can't wait to see Brie ... OMG ... 😱
Does Brie have more than one facial expression?
You can actually see the paint drying whenever Brie is on screen.
Movie looks like it could be good but I’m not sure I like the actress. She looks like she is soooo over it in every single shot. Plus Captain Marvel is a stupid superhero name. ‘Captain Marvel’ is someone in an embarrassingly bright and frilly suit who is paid to entertain children at fairs.
Can't really say much just from that first trailer but judging for what I saw, She's a good actress but man she has the same expression on most of the shots and her voice seems too... I don't know cute maybe I don't sense a Jessica Jones/Ronda Rousey like toughness added to the character but anywho is just the first trailer so we'll see. Regardless I love the fact that is a female leading role and also love the MCU but not sure about this one. I hope I'm wrong though.
This is awesome!!!!! brie larson is so beautiful and love her voice too,  
She looks like the actress of orange is the new black
Brie Larson won an Oscar for Best Actor in 2016!!! So, if you are complaining that she doesn't show emotion here, that is not her fault. Her acting is based from the director's or screenwriter's vision. Also,  this is just a trailer, not all the scenes are shown here! SMH
Not a fan of Brie *Boreson.*
I am not feeling this trailer. Does Brie Larson ever have an actual emotion in this movie?
Your right about the actress . But i still would enjoy the story line. We all know Captain Marvel should be a little tough looking but hot .
Last time we saw Sam Jackson and Brie Larson together was in Kong: Skull Island.
Hopefully Brie shows a little more emotion in the movie.  Seems a little cold.  Fingers crossed.
Brie just nailed it
Hitting that Old lady made me hate Brie Larson😂
They couldn't find an attractive actress for the part???
Not sure Larson was the right choice yet but the rest looks good, kinda like that it takes place a couple decades ago
At least they're focusing on a story. This has potential. Wondering if people are still mad at Brie's political views.
I don't know why but every time I see Brie Larson's face I'm reminded of Lena Dunham
Hmm... well..... I wish more roles went to azz-kickers in real life. Let's groom some of the female Mixed Martial Artists, and female boxers etc to be actors. People with natural athletic builds. Brie is a fantastic actress but she looks 95 pounds. It honestly took away from the trailer FOR ME. Don't get me wrong, I'm going to see the movie, but I'd settle for a B grade performance from someone else. Best of luck Brie!
i hate this actress boring face
Denger si mbak Brie ngomong, selalu kebayang Envy Adam euy 😂
Well, this trailer certainly doesn't help the dissuade the "Bree Larson has only one expression" case.
Brie you have all my heart. and I Never have a doubt About you. Thanos will be prepared... because well, He is Dead...!!! :3
Brie Larson has the acting "ability" to play a Terminator
Larson is an amazing actress but Samuel L Jackson and the grandma we're the only people with any charisma in this trailer. As for a teaser I don't know if it really did the job cause all they gave us was Brie Larson in Kristen Stewart mode
I don't know Bri Larson, is she a new actress? What others movie she has?  I will check her bio tho 😁 I bet she'll killed off and give justice for the next avengers.
Brie Larson looking bored while punching an old lady
Very hot brie larson
Am i the only one who loves captain marvel a.k.a carol danvers (brie larson) when i first saw her? I think i've a crush on her, lol.
Honestly it kinda reminds me of Ant-Man's trailer. Just very generic by the numbers trailer. I love Brie Larson and I hope this movie is good. But as for this trailer I'm underwhelmed.
Brie Larson doesn't suit this role. not gonna be a dream figure ( like tony, thor) , plus her expressions are numb.
Also, that one shot of Jude Law was ten times more inspiring that Brea Larson was in this entire trailer.
Boooo...red!!! sorry but Larson is good actress but in this role, she looks sooo blah!! this film will be the next Ant-Man ??? unforgettable and just for Marvelibers
The funny thing is...we all know this is going to be a great film. Write all the uninformed, moronic comments you want. You know this is going to be great. You know Brie Larson’s going to nail it. You know you’ll never bring up how wrong you were afterwards.
I honestly agree with a lot of what the people had to say about this trailer (positive and negative), but saying that her voice is “bland” and her acting is “bad” isn’t exactly true. Brie Larson is an amazing actress and I have seen many clips of her work, and it’s certainly impressive (I know, to some of you, seeing just “clips” isn’t enough to get a good impression of her overall acting skills, but from what I’ve heard from several reliable sources and people, she seems honestly great) The reason that many of you may find her voice a bit “wooden” is because Captain Marvel is half Kree, and their people don’t normally have much emotion, so her tone of voice is pretty understandable. Of course, I could be completely wrong and maybe they picked out a couple of her “weaker” lines, I dunno. There are still a couple of trailers to come, though, so I think it may be a little too early to judge it, but you do what you want, I guess.
The level of appeal Brie Larson brings to this character who I previously knew little about actually makes me want to vomit out every last curdled, bitter, trace of estrogen in my big, hairy, body. Gal Gadot's as perfect as Linda Carter's Wonder Woman made me want to cheer, open doors and manscape.
The movie looks cool ... But Brie Larson sounds totally bored and devoid of personality ...
Why this actress though.. No charisma whatsoever
Y'all are brutal. We got spoiled with the amazing Infinity War trailers. So we are a little numb. This is a origin movie. Brie Larson is perfect for the role. And the music was perfect. We got to see some powers but not too much, we got to see that we will get some more backstory to the MCU with Colson and Fury, we are going to see some different cinematography throughout the movie, the CGI looks on point. Quit being negative and give it a chance
Couldn't have cast a worse actress
Brie looks like she has the emotional range of a soggy cardboard box. How does this woman get roles when she only has a single facial expression?
Any one complaining  about  Brie larson's acting should watch  Short term 12 Or Room than it would  be obvious  she is better  than  gal gadot  who apart WW has never  been  in good movie
Couldn’t they find a more beautiful actress?
I'm not feeling any hype. I probably shouldn't judge it by the tralier but Brie Larson doesn't seem like a great actress. At least for this role. I've never seen her in any other roles.
So many people fighting about nonsense in these comments, how are we not focusing on how interesting the story seems? This seems to be a totally different genre from any other Marvel adventure. Where everything else has been a superhero action movie, this looks like a spy-buddy cop movie featuring the origin story from someone we know and love plus a complete new character. Marvel has been slowly pushing from the superhero genre label, but this looks like a full departure. I guess after Black Panther and Thor 3 they saw successes on riskier (relatively) story leaps. Then with Infinity War they saw people are invested enough in Marvel to push a movie featuring dozens of established characters to number one in the box office. Maybe we could say Winter Soldier was a spy movie, but it still tricked most people into thinking they were watching a superhero movie- Captain Marvel doesn't pretend at all. I'm excited to see a buddy cop movie featuring SAMUEL L JACKSON as the grizzled old timer? How will Brie Larson earn the everlasting respect from this hard boiled super spy? Remember, he had the radio on him when Thanos snapped. He must have it at all times for real emergencies- ones where the Avengers are down. He already has them for alien invasions or robot apocalypses. Captain Marvel? She can't out punch Thor or Hulk. She won't be able to come near to taking Thanos down on her own. No, she's bringing something new. I'm excited to see what.
Couldnt they get a prettier actress?
Paint me skeptical but I just can’t see how Brie Larsson delivers in the role, but I am eager to see it and be proved wrong.
Looks alright, would have preferred someone other than Brie Larson as the protagonist but oh well
some moviegoers are going to see this film because of the tie in to avengers 4, some might want to see this film because of the actress who played captain marvel was great and etc....
Grandma: So proud of Brie Larson for making the role!  She was amazing in ROOM
I just want a gif of Brie Larson punching grandma
I don't like this actress, but since she is a woman, obviously I will see.. and the movie looks sooo  good 😱😃
OOF Brie looking FINE af 👌
The actress looks like Hanna in the thumbnail and Jaiden at 1:01
Specifically on Brie Larsons expressions. Look at her resume , the films she has been in. She is a legitimate canidate to play captain marvel. Even more legitimate than Gal Gadot playing WW to be honest but because a 117 second video shows a fraction of what Larson will do all of your opinions now become justified
Should have chosen another actress for the role
Eh Brie isn't cut out for this role
Compared to Wonder Woman, this trailer is trash... But I'm a Brie Larson fan so I'll watch it nonetheless but I can't help imagining Jennifer Lawrence in this role... She would've been an ideal choice....
...imo gina carano who played angel dust in deadpool would fit just right as capt marvel. Idk but the lead actress just dont have that flare im looking for and it feels like shes out of place. I got a feeling this one is a bust
Why is that every actor that joins marvel cinematic universe becomes attractive...eg:-benedict cumberbatch he looks quite handsome as dr.strange,ant man etc and now brie larson???
This girl is such a horrible actress. Does she think emotionless is good?
Is it me or does Ronda Rousey look like Brie Larson?
Idk i hope its not flop. But im kinda OK with brie. But I think margo robbie fits the role. But shes in DC (harley quinn)
Not throwing any shade at Brie Larson, but after seeing her in this trailer I feel like she may have been miscast although I will need to see another trailer and the film. A part of me feels like this role would have been interesting if Katheryn Winnick was cast or even Emilia Clarke.
Looking forward to Brie's badassary
Zachary Levi is going to be a better Captain Marvel than Brie Larson and Jude Law. Tee Hee Hee. 😂😂😂😂😂
Just from the trailer footage. Brie Larson is doing a fantastic job in capturing just how unlikeable the modern Captain Marvel comics are since they rebranded Carol Danvers.
For those who think Brie Larson doesn't fit the role and stuff please try to understand that there must be a reson why Marvel chose her unlike DC all they do is keep recasting
I count only 3 different facial expressions on Brie Larson in this whole trailer. Most of the time she's sporting the same facial expression... which is basically no expression.
So much hate in these comments over Captain Marvel being "emotionless" or "a robot" or "not smiling." Ever think maybe, just maybe, IT'S PART OF THE STORY?! With a decade of hit after hit, Marvel has earned my trust, and Brie Larson is a phenomenally versatile award winning actress. Guess what, she knows how to smile. Ever see Community? Kroll Show? NTSF:SD:SUV? She's a comedic actress! If she's stoic in this film, there's probably a reason for it. So shut up, and watch the fuggen movie.
Thank you for bringing the most powerful woman Brie Larson as Carol Danvers as a superheroine that made me cry!
Damn! Brie Larson ahhhh fck can't wait
Im still looking Thur brew Larson twitter to find a cotvrrcy to get this movie caned
I just couldn't take brie seriously.. :'(
Before watch this, i'm not sure that Brie Larson would make a good captain marvel. And she prove me wrong. Can't wait till march 2019.
People need to educate themselves. Larson literally said in an interview that the kree side of her is emotionless and expressionless. The fact that she said that explains why her character looks like this for most of the trailer. We havent seen much so people who are basing how a movie will be off of a 2 minute clip are dumb anyways. Rant over.
Brie Larson is completely different then her younger Scott Pilgrim self, its like 2 completely different people, normally you keep a lot of traits you had as a teenager but she is a completely different person. Look up The Making of Scott Pilgrim with Brie Larson and see if you see what I see.
10% of "Brie Larson is a trash actress"
Actress looks as interested to act as the Twilight girl.
If it fails at least Marvel will learn it's lesson and not green light actors/actresses subpar for the role or at least train them to fill the shoes of the character they are playing prior to filming.  Heroes should be highly charismatic and likable or at least passionate. I just don't feel that with Chadwick or Larson. Don't get me wrong they are great but I just feel like that crucial element is lacking. A movie made without heart; these are getting way to manufactured.
Thanos snapped his fingers and half of Brie Larson's smile just vanished!!
Im really sad because the trailer isn't really cool but i love the  actress i hope that the next trailer is better als that trailer
Captain marvel is one of the most powerful avenger. They could have taken a better actress with a great physique and expressions, just like famke janssen as Dark phoenix
Brie larson is NOT captain marvel.
Not feeling her...simply not buying it... Zero charisma... Cast Emily Blunt instead. . Mark my words this movie will only do ok because of the following Marvel already has but not because of Brei Larsons. She is BLAND! IMO
Bri Larson's acting is terrible....
Good trailer.....but actress need some acting clases....
So there was an alien invasion on Earth before the events of The Avengers? Larson looks utterly bored.
Brie Larson is so cute as well as gorgeous
Bri Larson feels like a little girl playing dress up.
"I'm not what you think I am." That is true. You are not an actress, Brie Larson, you SUCK.
Brie Larson will make Thanos to kiss his ass
I know Bree is suppose to be a great actress...but her face acting is just so meh to me...like she’s not trying..still excited to see movie
Samuel Jackson and brie larson coming together again after Kong did anybody notice
Evening in the thumbnail, she just looks so... lifeless. Most of this trailer is just Brie's usual blank expression.
Brie Larson? More like Bore Larson.
Hey, is this the new zoolander movie starring Brie Larson?
I think Brie is perfect for this.
Brie's voice is a little too soft in my opinion, but overall i like what they did!
Wow Brie you almost emoted in this trailer, good job.
Eyebrows, use them, Ms. Larson.
her voice... it's stupid. Wrong actress for the role, too small, wrong origin, wrong everything.
I predicted Venom's success&200millon weakened, you can see it in the comment box(3rd trailer, sep25-october3, there are many comments😊). Your movie is going to suck, belive me. Choosing female director was the biggest mistake. And choosing Brie was the second mistake. This movie going to be a disgrace. Everyone is going to hate Avenger 4 bcz of her. You should do something before it's too late👍
I've had a bad feeling about this movie and this trailer only confirms that feeling. Also, Brie Larson just doesn't seem like the right person to play Captain Marvel. I think she's a great actor, but not for this role.
Why the main actress only have one facial expression all throughout the trailer😣?
Looks low budget, emotionless actress, looks bad
80% of this trailer is Brie Larson staring blankly at the camera
I think we are all underestimating this movie. Perhaps that’s the point, it will surprise us when this movie ends up being spectacular. Brie Larson is an excellent actor. We will love this movie.
Never realized how much Brie looks like Elon Musk, until now.  She looks like she could be his younger sister.
I don't know about this actress. Couldn't they have pick a woman that was a credible badass instead of this one? Even her voice sounds boring.
The trailer sucked, but I still have high hopes for the movie. I think the epic music didn't really match the casual delivery of the lines. I'm assuming all the dialogue is from very early in the movie, and that's why Carol/Brie sounds so fragile.
What's up with all the hate? She won an Oscar for Best Actress and y'all say she can't act based of a trailer that's under 2 minutes long? It looks like another okay/decent Marvel movie, I don't get all the hate.
Brie is awesome. Larson is pretty good too.
To the people criticizing the trailer that Brei Larson is too serious and has the same facial expressions. Have you ever thought what you are seeing may actually be a Skrull?
Brie Larson looks too old and fat. Marvel should have hired a better looking actress for the role
After the infinity war everone is super excited for the captain marvel.  But after watched the trailer the actress doesn't fit to the character.  What a boring ass captain marvel. How can you beat thanos with that bad acting power?
I loved the trailer plus big fan of Brie Larson and the mcu
Love Brie Larson and I was totally excited but this feels rather meh compared to other MCU films, but I know better than to judge a film by it's teaser
Hopefully, Brie Larson is more emotional in the movie rather than the trailer.
Omg I hateeeee all these negative comments. Like first of all it’s only the TEASER trailer and they don’t have to reveal something huge and spectacular in the TEASER trailer. Plus you can’t judge and say hurtful things about an actress in a movie that isn’t even out yet. I mean we though Jeniffer Lawrence was gonna be horrible in hunger games and pretty much was but then in catching fire she was amazing so really you never know. Marvel by now has pretty much earned our trust and at least they are trying something different. Personally, I really like this trailer and the way it was put together is so interesting and you can tell they worked hard. Please respect that and not go off saying how she should not have gotten the role like cmon guys we’re better than this. Sorry for typing so much but I just thought this needed to be said. 
Well marvel always choose the perfect cast.i hope brie larson wd do fantastic job.and that's Jude law right?
Not feeling it.  And I like Brie Larson a lot.
Guess I was a little too optimistic. I was also hoping for the actress to have the "commanding officer"-type voice.
This actress is very pretty bro
Looks pretty cool, but dear Lord do I hope Brie Larson's acting is better in the final product! They did NOT pick good takes for her lines in this trailer!
Am I the only one not excited about this movie?  Brie Larson is probably the worst casting decision Marvel has ever made in its history.
A lot of people are saying that Brie Larson sounds emotionless as Captain Marvel, but I don't think so her character is just confused on who she is in which she's acting it. Plus I think the Russo brothers will do Captain Marvel justice in Avengers 4; if this movie fails to capture Captain Marvel in which I don't think marvel (Kevin Feige) will let that happen.
Lol dc fans realizing this is gonna easily best Wonder Woman at the Box office are starting to mock Brie Larson - an Oscar winning actress
I don't get most of you hating on this trailer. I mean, it misses two minutes by seconds, and yall are out here acting like that's an entire half of the movie!   Captain Marvel does show some emotion in this trailer: 0:54, 1:04 (smiling)1:31 (angry)1:28 (shock)And for another, do you really think that Marvel is just going to  throw away all of what it has spent a decade building up just to get her to beat Thanos? No, they wouldn't. The Russos(who are directing A4) and Kevin Feige know better.Also, I'd like to point out that the movie isn't out yet. And yall are out here making assumptions like "omg, she's going to be the next Kristen Stewart" "She's nothing like Gal Gadot's Wonder Woman" "they're going to make her a Deus Ex Machina" out of, may I repeat, A NEARLY TWO MINUTE TRAILER. Please. Grow a spine. Brie Larson didn't win an oscar for nothing. And if she's not like Wonder Woman, that's because she ISN'T Wonder Woman. She's Captain Marvel. And even though she's the most powerful, it doesn't give her the power to beat an entity with 6 Infinity Stones. Marvel is known for adding depth to their characters. Do you really think Captain Marvel's going to be an exception? We have Black Widow, Okoye, Gamora, Wasp, Valkyrie, and many more female heroines in the MCU who are loved and idolized. Yet Captain Marvel shows up, is proclaimed to be the most powerful because that's who she is, and suddenly everybody's lost their minds? Seriously. We're better than this.
Even a dry sponge has more facial expressions than Brie Larson.
I'm a fan of Brie Larson and I'm excited about this movie in general. I feel like this trailer was a little bit underwhelming though. It's probably because the trailer is so early and a lot of the SFX shots aren't complete yet.
Trailer looks OK. The edit is so scattered it's hard to pick up anything from this, especially whether the lead actress is any good.
....I like captain marvel....kind of and I love brie Larson I'm just curious about why out of all the avengers that came through the squad he called her. Just sayin. This is the one time I wish Deadpool wasn't rated R because it would have been hilarious and awesome to see him in the last avengers movie. Either way I'll go see this and give captain marvel another shot.
what a fuking garbage underwhelming trailer. A rock has more expression and emotion  than brie larson
Actress sucks......why is she reading her lines like there's a gun to her head?
And now it's here. Or should I say, feminist Brie Larson is.
Brie Larson is going to suck.
This movie just doesn't look good at all. Maybe it's the trailer or the actress, but looks like crap
I really dont want this to be a movie with too many flashbacks and jumping foward through the timeline, besides I hope Brie acts a little more interested or something, she sounds boring of having superpowers
How can you hire an actress with a non existent range of believable facial expressions for such an important role? 
Brie Larson is so damn boring
Could someone spend some money on CGI effects for Brie Larson's facial-emotional expression range? Angry, brooding, serious, intense, and determined expressions all look like she's a bored mom browsing aisles at Target.
Actually, Brie Larson was too elegantly to play Captain Marvel.
Is it because of the actress portraying it?
I'M HYPERVENTILATING BECAUSE THIS JUST CAME OUT But also high key trying to find a good shot of her butt because of all those Tom Holland and Brie Larson butt memes 🤯🤦🏻😬😬😬
Remember when Brie Larson said she doesn't care about what white men have to say about her movie?
Brie Larson is such a fox!!
People had doubt about Gal Gadot being and amazing wonder woman.. and she was great.. same thing is going to be with Brie Larson. she's perfect for this role.. now go smash thanos up Carol!
I love how everyone is saying she isn't a good actress when she literally won an Oscar,,,,yeah
I love how with only 2 minutes of video there are people who say that the actress doesn't is bad. The movie will probably be longer than 2h, but fu** it, i've seen 2 minutes and I cant tell she can't express emotions.
Pretty underwhelming. I don't care if she is Oscar wining actress. She feels very uninterested  in this trailer. Let's how the goes through
Wrong choice of actress, if you ask me
Not to destroy the party but Brie Larson looks like a NORMAL GIRL in a superhero suit. 0:26??
I love Marvel and this trailer falls way below my expectations. Brie Larsen seems expressionless, like somehow she has forgotten to act!
Free Larson.
I don't think Brie was the right choice for this role. She doesn't look that badass.
Is this just for feminist movement? A Lady came and by the Hero, and do the job that man can't do at first. If is like that i'm not gona watch the movie. And the actress.....
Hmmm... not the best actress for the role, she’s got the WB sitcom vibe.  Not sure on this one, Marvel. 😬
3. I really do hope they abuse Brie Larson's acting capability. This trailer showed more bland dialogue than intricate determination and confusion, regarding her lost state on Earth. (But it is a trailer)
No charisma at all... shes a great actress but she doesnt fit in this movie.
Can’t tell if the orgasm is from Brie Larson, Sammy J, or the movie in general
Brie Larson is awesome
Did you know that there is still one blockbuster left, but who cares about that shit, Brie Larson is the best actresses for this role and it looks amazing, I can’t wait!
i wish someone else was cast because brie larson does not fit this role like at all
This movie is going to be great. Quit whining about a 2 minute *TEASER* trailer of an *ORIGIN* movie. And quit whining about the *ACTING* of an *oscar winning actress* in a 2 minute teaser that shows tidbits of non-dramatic moments seeing how it's a GODDAMN TEASER
Can't wait for this! Go Brie Larson Captain Marvel <3
Terrible con la cara de hueva de Brie Larson
The trailer is awsome and lives upto its hype. Many are saying its stereotypical and not upto the mark. But mind you Avengers - Infinity War is a Grand Movie, with full of action and Captain Marvel is a Origin Story so it ought to be different. Brie Larson is an Oscar winning actress and all are mocking her for being expressionless or so. Mind you her character is not human but modified one and that too on alien planet and so she don't have any emotions as she doesn't have any memory and is just used as a weapon against skrulls.
Gah... her voice. I can't... it's just too Brie Larson phoning it in... gah...
Weakest MARVEL trailer I seen in a while and barely any emotions from Brie Larson. I hope it does well since Shazam looks like the better Captain Marvel.
After kong, i really hope brie can deliver this time as an Oscars winnings actress
I am still boycotting this movie because of Brie Larson being a feminist Nazi b****and my thoughts on the trailer is it looks like s***
This would be better without Brie Larson
Brieeeee! Never thought she going to be a captain marvel!!!! ♥️♥️♥️♥️
If it wasn't for Marvel and Brie pushing this as "yeahhh women rule" I would be interested. Looks like a easy pass.
I honestly think Rhonda Rousey could have also killed this role if it weren't Brie Larsom
You know Brie is not convincing enough as superhero when more people are excited to see Coulsen than her.
The movie looks dull.  They can usually make great trailers for even the worse movies.  I have a bad feeling about this.  Looks and sounds like Brie Larson didn't even want to be there.  Not even sure I want to take the time pirating a copy of this.
brie larson nailed her role
i like the look of the movie but Brie Larson sounds so bland and uncharismatic, not like a leader at all
Could you have picked an actress with less range? She has one blank expression on her face at all times. Also, fair warning Disney,  avoid the "The future is female" identity politics with this or you are going to lose money.
Hottest and smartest female superhero ever brought to life... Brie Larson is just too damn good!!
i love captain marvel but brie larson is not look like super hero.... :/
Is it just me or Brie Larson kinda look like the one who played Sharon Carter?
I can't wait to see Brie look super constipated for 90 minutes.
looks bland. Brie was a terrible choice- plain Jane and zero charisma. This die-hard MCU fan is hoping she's wrong but I'm not excited for this.
Looks mediocre, could be cool. Bri Larson looks like the blandest superhero yet though with her 2 different facial expressions. I hope it's better than it looks
This movie looks terrible. Does Brie Larson have another expression besides “bored” ?
When did bries cheeks get so clappable
Brie Larson is the perfect person to play Captain Marvel
Is it just me or does Brie Larson actually seem like she’s not gonna be a good Captain Marvel?
She is a good actress but least charismatic and lacks screen presence
Lame trailer with a bored looking Man Hating Brie Larson what a sickly bland mix.
Captain Marvel is one of my favorites but Brie's performance is kinda bland here. :-\
Would have been nice if they got an actress that could actually pretend to have emotions.
LMAO people judging brie's acting must have forgotten that Scarlet Johanson has a total of 1.5 facial expressions in all her mcu movies
No disrespect intended to Brie Larson (I loved her in Room).. But this is just so underwhelming...
is it just me or does brie's personality do not match with CAPTAIN MARVEL??
*the moment you see samuel L jackson walking from behind, displays more expression and personality than watching Brie's face close up*
This is MARVELOUS. I simply cannot wait! Brie Larson is incredible.
Wow, this trailer really highlights BOTH of Brie Larson's facial expressions.
Not impressed. Plus Brie sounds like a little e girl. Not a kickass hero.
I love all marvel movies and heroes, but this one looks bad. I mean, couldn't they find a better actress for this role.
I friggin love Brie Larson. But I really hope they leave out the Marxist / feminist B.S. She's an incredible actress that can really open up a hero character. Let Brie do her thing, no agendas, and this will be an awesome movie.
brie larson :**
Excited but also super cautious about his movie because Brie Larson looks kind of like she’s sleep walking through the role and sometimes as an actress she is hit or miss.
Brie Larson punching that old lady is gonna be the meme of the year just wait
Joaquin Phoenix had more facial expressions in a few seconds (on a test footage) of the Joker than Brie Larson did in this entire trailer.
Does Brie ever smile?
I have this feeling that she doesn't fit the role? the vibe is just dead. Can't they pick a better actress for this role? She looks like the cool mom in the movie mean girls. my god.  They might as well casted Britney Spears or Mariah Carrey for this. and if shit still no good the could have cast Oprah and let her do the talking.
90% of this trailer was establishing shots and close-ups of faces. I'm excited for the movie but it's weird because Marvel usually doesn't do this with their trailers. Their teaser trailers show more than this, just look at Ragnarok's. The movie must be extremely far behind in the post-production phase because most of the studio efforts are going to Avengers 4. I trust Marvel's casting but I also saw TomorrowLand and Brie made the same expression throughout the whole film, she has no range whatsoever. It feels like a fan-made trailer
Brie the most boringest actress ever to play a super hereo. No emotion at all, i think my dog shows more emotions than her entire life
The only reason Marvel Studios Hired Brie Larson to play Captain Marvel is because Brie Larson Won an OSCAR, i wouldn't have a problem with Brie Larson if Her ToenaiIs weren't so UgIy/Nasty/Fungus lnfested ToenaiIs, That's a big TURN OFF, How is it possible that a Young MiIIionaire Beautiful Actress has Her Feet in such Horrible/Unattractive/Unhealthy Conditions and to make matters worse Brie Larson LOVES Wearing Open Toe Shoes
Brie larson is a very bad choice for captain marvel, very much disappointed with the movie,looks like her emotions are made of wax,first worst marvel movie
Brie Larson is ugly.
And oh, by the way, when I first saw the trailer today, I thought it was Alicia Vikander in the lead role for a moment. I know it is weird, but now I know a new actress!
*In my opinion, I'm not excited of this trailer😔. By the way, the actress seems worthless for such powerful character😒... (Why Super Heroins are getting skinny and skinnier recently😓😫. First 'Wonder Woman' and now 'Captain Marvel'😧... Why... why... they seems like gonna die out of diet😢😖🙇. I mean why😥... I hate skinny girls😭😭😭.)* 
I think this movie has a lot of potential. I am very excited. Time will tell us by March next year how well it is. Brie Larson looks great as Captain Marvel!
For those saying Brie has no expressions, you should know the Kree race was supposed to be cold and almost emotionless so...
The actress still looks like she is bored
This film is more girl power nonsense promoting feminism through feminist Brie Larson and feminist character Captain Marvel. 
So are straight white men not allowed to see this as brie as said she doesn't want them around?
It looks really good! Brie Larson  is going to kill it.
Brie larson😍... # CAPTAIN MARVEL
The trailer weird cuz brie doesn't have the right voice for Captain marvel and she had a straight face the whole time
Why is she so flat on her lines? And who made the choice to punch an old lady? Who casted Brie Larson and why?
Visually I don’t like the actress they chose. Perhaps she’s convincing in the role performance wise. We shall see. also can Rogue from X-men get her story told accurately now since Ms. Marvel is on the big screen. I mean- shit. 🙄
Brie Larson just made it validated that she is the actress of the generation
Trumptards fill the comment sections claiming Brie Larson is a bad actress and the movie looks boring after watching a 2 minute trailer...
Brie Larson may surprise us all
I think Emily Blunt would've been better for the role, Brie is to soft spoken for Captain Marvel. But the movie hasn't come out yet so I'll stay optimistic.
Actress killing this movie with Horrible acting abilities. Why didn’t they cast a male lead
Looks fine but Brie Larson has well and truly talked me out of ever paying for a movie she's in.
Like it or not Marvel has cornered the market on well cut trailers..the cut of the 3 age version of Brie falling and then rising at the end..i approve
Look boring,why Marvel actresses all look old?Lily Collins or Teresa Palmer should take up the role,they are more beautiful.Wonder Woman is popular because Gal Gadot is good looking.
brie larsson is just captivating
The teaser itself is giving Vibes of origin story just like wonder woman while Brie said in one of her interviews that it isn't origin story. 
Not a fan of Brie Larson as Captain Marvel, too generic & bland looking!
But... Why her lol? arnt there better actresses?
Everyone feeling instant disappointment, your hype was too high. It's a teaser, if anything. Once they release an "official" official trailer, they'll cut it in a different way to get you more excited. On her somber expressions, I like it because they aren't seller her as a brash, husky-voiced and cocky soldier. Brie Larson has a very light, feminine voice and I think that's better than the typical husky "macho" lady voice the "tough" chicks tend to have on screen. I'm excited to see more.
Looks decent. But I don't buy Brie Larson as Captain Marvel
larson had to be more fitness to the role
I don't know how I feel about this Captain Marvel trailer. Brie Larson doesn't have that charisma that Scarlet Johansson; Evangeline Lilly Zoe Saldana or Gal Gadot have...Um, not too hyped about this. Especially since she's supposed to be Marvel's most OP character
Brie Larson would make a perfect Samus Aran.
Meh, Brie Larson isn't very charismatic here, the "HER-o" part is just making this movie about her gender instead of her character, and she's pretty much just Marvel's Green Lantern, but with 90s references. "Remember Blockbuster, guyz? I heard 90s nostalgia is popular right now, so we jumped on the bandwagon". If they expand Cosmic Marvel's world more with the Nova Corps, maybe Galactus or Silver Surfer, that might be interesting, but Captain Marvel herself doesn't look like she'll be well-acted judging from Brie's neutral facial expressions and monotone voice throughout the entire trailer.
Captain marvel actress in trailer = meh.
Brie Larson is so hot
I wish there was another Gal Gadot and they would have casted her in this role, Brie Larson is a disappointment in this role :/
I don’t know how I feel about the actress
Brie Larson sounds like a child in the trailer. Lol
Hopefully this piece of garbage movie bombs worse than the latest Star Wars Han Solo Venture. Brie Larson is an ignorant leftist moron who makes all kinds of stupid social justice comments that are not based in fact or reality. This movie deserves to fail
I guess I must be super hero fatigued, because I found this dull, and this actress boring.. I mean she looks like a soccer mom who lost a bet with her geek husband,and has to cosplay.
No one could have played this role better than Larson!
It's Marvel. I'm obviously going to watch it like ten times at theatre. Still...I already know how Brie Larson is going to be like in the movie. Just like she is in every movie. No emotion. No variation. No skills. Just pretending that she's an actress when all she's really doing is being herself.
Ms. Larson shows obvious signs that she doesn't want to be there with her uni-expression. 
Brea Larson is not the right actor for this job. She just does not give off the right vibe. Margot Robbie would have been better.
Okay I was not too impressed with this trailer, but for everyone whos saying "this looks so lame," or "the actress is totally miscast," or "this is gonna be the worst Marvel movie," WHY ARE WE LITERALLY JUDGING EVERY SINGLE THING ABOUT THE MOVIE BASED ON A TWO GODDAMN MINUTE TRAILER? LIKE CALM DOWN! Sorry for all capitals but i just hate how everyone is saying how much this movie sucks when all we have is a two minute trailer that, while honestly not that impressive, isn't exactly supposed to show that much anyways.
2. Fix her voice in editing. She sounds too weak and childish. And not like a powerful hero of the MCU. (Really Brie Larson should've never been cast anyway, but it's too late for that now.) You don't have to get another voice actress to dub her, but her voice needs some serious audio editing.
...if it didn't have Brie Larson in it.
*Brie* *Larson* 😍❤
Brie Larson: sorry, my face is tired. -_-
This looks promising. Brie Larson seems cool in this. I just hope she doesn’t pull a Jennifer Lawrence and go very political calling half of the country idiots
Brie Larson. Yes.
They should have got a hot chick to play cap marvel...ths actress isnt good looking at all!!😞😞
Ok, I know this is the first trailer, but it felt rather poorly made - maybe because of all the shots of Brie's face looking like she would rather be in a political drama.
Horrible actress, no emotion whatsoever. I prefer my superheroes with a little personality (see Spiderman, Ironman and Thor).
Looks kind of ass and full of identity politics based on how Larson talks, but I'll give her a shot
Marvel  should've casted some other actress as Captain Marvel. Someone with a more muscular stature and a famiilar face.
Ugh why did they pick brie larson. Her voice.....captain marvel? Itll be a great movie but man she doesnt have a strong voice
All the people saying this movie looks bad... Come on, be honest. You just dont like it because it's a female lead and the actress has a differing opinion than yours. It's okay. You can admit you're a sexist man baby.
> To all the people saying that Brie Larson can't act: Go watch Room and wait for this movie to come out before judging.
If Captain Marvel was a man, this would have only hype comments, not sexist crap about "Brie Larson's one facial expression" and the fact that she doesn't smile.
Natalie Dormer would have been perfect as Captain Marvel. Fantastic actress with fantastic range. Has so much variation in her acting. So many underrated movies and TV shows she's been in. Brie Larson seriously can't act. I'll still watch because I'm a Marvel fan but doubt I'll take to Brie Larson. She's literally playing herself.
Brie Larson is not pretty enough to be Captain Marvel. And her acting aint doing her any favours. She will always have that bland,emotionless look on her resting face. A terrible choice, kind of like Shane Blacks new predator movie ending.
Brie Larson is a black hole of charisma
Yay Brie Larson
Brie Larson ZZZZZZZZ
An okay trailer, nothing special. Brie's acting is so flat. Charisma vacuum.
I'm excited for this! :) Love Brie Larsen. Also, COULSON!!
Larson is so hot!
Brie Larson is usually really good but isn't the way she delivers her lines kinda wierd.
Brie Larson looks retarded, exhausted and not enjoying being captain marvel.... Anne Hathaway would've been better!
I loved Brie in Room!
Really medoicre trailer. The actress Brie Larson somehow remindes me of Kristen Stewart with zero face impressions. And she is supposed to win Thanos? No way. She just doen't seem to be a Marvel hero. The best part of the trailer is Jude Law. Let him fight Thanos, this will be worth watching. As to compare with oethers women characters: The Black Widow is a lot more attractive & had resonably portraided her character. The Wonder Woman from DC (Gal Gadot) is still better in acting her role. Brie is just not the right choice for this role. The music cover in also very regular.
Brie Larson has such a square head, not hating tho
Well, Brie Larson looks AWESOME! Can't wait for this movie. It looks fairly new mixed with the Marvel stuff we've come to know and love.
Not gonna lie, this trailer kind of sucked. Looks pretty cliche and the dialogue seems super simple for some reason. Whenever Brie Larson talks it seems like its not natural. Hopefully that was just poor editing with the trailer and not the actual movie.
Everyone thought Heath Ledger was a bad choice to play the Joker....they were wrong... give Ms. Larson a chance.
Im excited for this, and I hope the movie is succesful for Brie but this trailer missed exciment.
Anyone but brie
Finally.. Brie is bringing Ms. Danvers to live! Wow!!
Looks good, but the only real problem is Brie Larson. Think about it.
I'M SO EXCITED FOR EXCITED FOR THIS MOVIE. Looks possible to be my favorite solo hero film in MCU. Brie is def bringing life to the character like no one else
She claims that people are sexist for saying that she should smile, or at least emote, in a superhero movie. If the character in this kind of film look bored or disinterested,  the audience is less likely to be interested. People like marvel characters who can be fun, comedic, charming, & just generally enjoyable people to watch. I can't even entirely blame Brie, as she isn't fit for this role. She isn't an action actress, she does emotional dramas, romcoms, & other non action oriented films
the many face of Brie Larson.
Gal Gadot > Brie Larson
Brie looks so pretty❤.I cant wait to see this movie
Not a fan of the monotone performance by Brie Larson, but I’m hoping there’s an actual reason to that in the movie, like maybe cuz she doesn’t remember anything about being human she doesn’t know how to show emotion?? Idk still excited for the movie tho
ummmmmm .. weakest trailer for an MCU film in a long time. Stating she is a 'HERO' pretty much sums up the concern Feige had with releasing an unknown Marvel character. This is going to be the MUCs first female lead film, and already with a heavy support cast, the Kree's and Colson and Samuel L Jackson, this film definitely needs the help because unlike Wonder Woman which had no other DC cameos or heavy support casting, this film seems  it will do well, but come short of expectation. Unless an Avenger(s) makes a cameo, the film will receive the big opening not because it's Captain Marvel but because it's an MCU film. Black Panther and Infinity Wars take this years box office. It will be unfortunate for the MCU if Captain Marvel doesn't make the $800m like Wonder Woman did, because everything for Brie Larson is riding on her being able to replace Robert Downey Jr (as per Kevin Feige's announcement of the MCU moving forward) as the new face of the MCU, which I doubt it as Robert Downey Jr, Chris Evans and Chris Hemisworth, MUC's trinity are going to need big actors to fill their shoes. Black Panther and Doctor Strange can do it and I would prefer Spiderman, but Brie Larson, sorry, Captain Marvel wasn't a top tier character in the Marvel Comics and she won't be in the MCU. Male characters dominate the MCU genre, unless your Wonder Woman, you won't break that stereotype as she ahs for all female leads in film.
those saying brie is expressionless in the trailer should rewatch the part where she hits the old lady
Brie as talented as she is, is one notch above Renee Zellweger in pulling off being tough.
Brie Larson is ♥♥♥♥♥
Have they changed the origin story of Miss Marvel? The trailer seems to imply that she was born that way and was always superhuman. She actually got her powers from Captain Marvel, the alien she was in love with. Brie Larson is a poor choice. She has what I call a suicide face. A single look, no change, no emotion, just the constant look of someone who wants to kill themselves. It’s all the rage today with female models. There are much better actresses out there who could have been cast in this role.
I know a majority of people think it’s going to be be a bad movie, to similar to Green lantern, Brie Larson is a bad choice etc. but I actually think it looks good and the background music!! Wow!  I’m just saying don’t judge the movie or Brie Larson yet, wait tell you see the movie. And personally this trailer made me exited and gave me a different feel from all the other marvel movies. My eyes lite up when I saw this trailer. This is just my opinion, so don’t get mad at me or comment that I’m wrong.
Our Brie has come so far. This looks fun, I'm watching it
Brie Larson is gonna ruin mcu , doesn't suit the role at all , disappointed marvel...
For everyone who think Brie is running the show here..she’s not..she understands that her feminist ideology isn’t what sells tickets..marvel for the most part has been apolitical so they’re running with substance of story rather than the dilemma pf trying to shove an ideology down people’s throats like Star Wars has..marvel is running the show not politics
Noooooooope. Brie has no charisma for this part. Not the super hero type. It's all good cuz the story seems good, the effects but Brie, weakest link.
I have seen roadkills livelier than Brie Larson.
Seriously 😒 Thanos is gonna lose to this? That’s sad, Alexa play despacito. Ok I’m just saying my opinion here but this trailer doesn’t look all that exciting. The actress looks like she lacks emotion and I feel like this movie is rushed and not made all that it could be just because it has to come out before infinity war 2 ya feel?
Brie Larson too short
Brie Larson was such a bad choice...I’m gonna pass.
Shared this trainer with my friend who happens to be a dc fan boy. I knew he'd have some problem with the movie and what was the problem? He said that brie Larson looks old!
I didn’t know who was going to fall asleep first, me or Brie Larson
Again I’m not hating on the actress or Marvel I just think she should’ve gotten more build up for her character then we wouldn’t feel as if she’s being shoved into the MCU but that’s just my opinion 
Lol. These haters saying Brie's miscast. 
This looks amazing! Brie Larson is a goddess!
Can't say who's more bored - me or Brie Larson. Why does she have a single face expression in this trailer? Literally one. It's like Twilight 2.0. Tom Hardy was more expressive as Bane with most of his face covered, not even mentioning Gal Gadot and Margot Robbie. I'm disappointed.
"She shouldn't have been captain marvel there ar better actresses"
this movie will be made or broken by bree larsons acting
It's so funny how unknown dumb people on the internet think they are smarter than marvel cast team for picking brie larson
Very bad choice of actress for the role of captain marvel.....disappointing. She has no charisma.
I could see Gina Rodriguez playing this role you know for a little change too but Brie Larson is an amazing actress so I’m excited
I dont like brie larson
Brie Larson does not look attractive as a superhero.
I'm so tired of women who are supposed to be superheroes but look and sound like they'd fall over in a stiff breeze. Brie is an okay actor, but as Captain Marvel who's supposed to be the most powerful superhero in the MCU? She looks like Hulk could take her out in two swings. And that's being generous. I'll pass.
Larson does NOT make a good Marvel.
I'd do everything to Brie Larson, but she looked better the first time I saw her, as a redhead in an episode of Community.
this trailer didn’t give me one single reason to be excited for the movie nor the actress sorry!
Effects look good, but Brie Larsons acting is devoid of all emotion.  She is going to be the downfall of captain marvel
Wish they picked a better actress
Meh. B rate, one note one face actress cast only for looks. Way out of her league
They should've picked a better actress :/
and she's an oscar winner, and that may mean shit sometimes but ive seen other brie larson stuff,she's good. 
Am I the only one who has hope for this movie? Sure this trailer isn’t the most satisfying but its not Ghostbusters level bad. And its not satisfying to me not because of ‘Brie Larsons blank face’ look she smiles twice in the trailer had a look of determination a couple times too. And I’m marginally sure she’s gonna be brainwashed like Bucky in this movie, so she would appear unemotional in that Kree military. The issue is we dont know whats at stake, or what makes Captain Marvel so powerful she can move planets or help defeat Thanos. But I have hope that like Venom the second trailer would completely sell me on this movie.
always thought Brie Larson was boring
You telling me Brie Larson bout to whoop some Thanos ass and save all the Avengers? I can't.
meh actress. Yawn. Also encouraging people to punch old folks is NOT cool. Just more degeneration of our very sick society.
This looks good, however, in my opinion, Brie Larson doesn't really capture the character well like how scarlet witch or black widow are portrayed. Still, I don't mind watching it :)
Brie Larson isn't at fault here, she's a fantastic actress, the fault lies on the director and writer.
Poor choice of actress. I started flicking channels on the tele 20seconds in. Yawn
I will watch this movie just so I can see the whole scene of Brie Larson punching an old lady. I just...I have to see how it escalated to that.
Brie Larson looking boring as usual. She’ll be the weak link of this movie.
Am I crazy or does she not seem like the best actress? Looks good otherwise.
I don't prefer the actress the casting wasn't bad but I felt like they could have picked another actress to play captain marvel this trailer is underwhelming I hope it's not as bad as I'm expecting it to be
This movie sucks so much! Honestly a Black Widow movie would've been a lot better cause Scarlett Johansson is 50x sexier than Brie Larson. Scarlett has very nice boobs which is something Brie Larson completely lacks!
You know what really sucks? Is the fact she's actually a badass character in the comics and has been out since forever and they're going to "antman" her...folks really think she was just made up or doesn't have her own comics when she's been around doing damage....it's not about a "girl power thing"...her storyline was definitely a key point in infinity war...but it wont work for how they told this infinity war in the mcu...they definitely are going to butcher her story cause this trailer was a fail... and im sorry It was a no with brie since they announced it was going to be her and it looks like I was right about that...I love marvel...but this...they know better...especially cause it's so close to the end...no time for this movie to be just another filler movie...
I don't think the trailer is bad as others say. I mean you should keep your expectations a bit lower. I swear god I saw some people say it's not like infinity war's... seriously? You expected it to be like that at the first place?. Let one Marvel movie gets a bit darker tone she's kind of "Superman" of the Marvel so did you expect Ragnorak vibe here? Yes they could choose better actress however not going to judge her before watching her performance in the movie
guys brie larson punched a grandma
brie Larson my Love 💕
Horrible character, horribly wooden actress, cheesy looking film. 
I love Brie Larson ❤
Being the first female, I really want this movie to be good but......my god that trailer was bad. Brie has zero emotions or presence.
Brie as Captain Marvel? I dunno. ^^
Extremely big marvel fan, but I’ve gotta say this looks 10x worse than any of the big 3 trailers, I understand they’re trying to introduce her as a new lead to the universe but the actress choice and overall production quality of the effects look average at best, Samuel L. Jackson looks cool though. Gotta say I was really forward to this movie, now, might not go see on release day
Okay, guys. This trailer might look like trash and the actress might not be that good but... just give it a chance. At least Nick Fury and Phil Coulson is in this. Also who doesn't like to feel nostalgic for the 90s. 
I'm sorry I was just expecting a different actress :(
Brie Larson is such a one note actress with dyed hair. How many different expressions did she have in this trailer; 1 or 2?
I don’t want to like this trailer because Brie Larson’s in it but Fury with both eyes is hnngh 😩
don't judge an AMAZING actress by a 1.45 minute teaser 😶
Brie Larson...Incredible Actress she is.
Literally seeing Blockbuster again got me more excited for this movie than, ol dead fish. Cannot stand Brie, she’s the type that just lays in bed then asks if you’re done.
Brie Larson is such a boring actor!
I love Marvel Universe but for this case and this case only i really hate the main protagonist (actress)....for me personaly she is so......not ?Marvelish? and i cant feel that "spark" from her.
Having heard Jennifer Hale voice captain/ms. Marvel in the cartoons, hearing larson speak is a bit weird to me. She doesnt have a commanding voice. Its just a teaser but it kinda bothered me. Im not asking for another Hale but perhaps a bit more power in her voice would be nice.
Great trailer it about time for a woman superhero in the mcu I think brie Larson is going to be fabulous  mcu trailers have to be always serious it just a teaser but anyway awesome trailer can't wait till March
Theres anyone else who is in love with Brie Larson?
Marvel is a badass, they know we want the trailer so much, so they give us too little details in this trailer , only give us the details we already knew, love it. Brie looks so good in that costume I didn't expect that, she looks like the character that pops out from the comic the same vibe I get when I see Gal in a wonder woman's costume. Can't wait to see the movie and of course, the end credit...
3. Brie Larson, while definitely monotone and bland in this trailer, is still an extremely talented and amazing actress, just watch Room (not The Room), the movie where she won Best Actress at the Oscars for
Honestly I’m reserving judgement for until after I’ve seen the film. Judging Brie Larson’s Captain Marvel before the film even comes out is just stupid.
Miss me with that wrong casting bullshit and show some respect for Oscar winning actress Brie Larson.
I get to see Brie Larson crash into a Blockbuster and punch an old lady
People have to understand 3 things about this trailer: 1. The reason Brie Larson is acting so straight faced is because her character is literally being brain washed. She has very little memory of her past life and so this practically makes her a robot, knowing only what she has been told and what she's experienced since getting her powers. 2. Kevin Feige has talked about this movie being like T2 and Top Gun, which explains the tone of this film. 3. Even though it says "Official Trailer", it plays alot more like a "Teaser Trailer". And if you think of the trailer in that way, it will become more enjoyable(?). Also, once you understand the fact of what is happening to Brie Larson's Carol Danvers, I think you can be more understanding of why her character has one face expression, and it will enhance the viewing of the trailer. I think alot of people watch trailers but don't really think. If you analyze the trailer and understand what is going on, it will be better for you.
I'd rather watch some brie go mouldy...
Cuman brienya cakep
If this movie somehow bombs or underwhelms, it will be because of Brie Larson and how she was miscast in the role.
This trailer honestly look's amazing my only concern is why Brie Larson looks pissed in almost all the footage,not a smile or a sad face only an angry/bored face.
I am hoping this movie is good and doesn't have the whole "feminist agenda" due to Brie Larson being an over Zelous Feminist. I hope this movie doe's good. With good scripit this movie should be great and would watch. But if Marvel is going to go back to "Get Woke Go Broke" then i am not watching this movie. So let hope this isn't a huge failer.
Of course Feminist Brie Larson arrives to save us all from Thanos.
I don't think I will be watching this movie. It looks like a boring fest. I know there must be more to it and I hope there is, but man, this just seems like a cake to feed the so called feminists and their woman superhero starved selves. Trust me, I don't like DC but wonder woman was a lot more interesting than this. Especially with a character like Diana's, whose actress did so much justice to the character and made me fall in love. Brie just seems too flat and a Mary sue at best. Marvel, what have you done...
couldn't you find a better actress??
I believe that the actress is amazing, but the movie looks bland to me. I hope that’s not the case when it comes out.
This movie looks as generic as Brie’s facial expressions...
Uh...Brie Larson 🐷🐷🐷🐷🐷 gained so much weight since Skull Island.    Look at Scarlett Johansson and the Other Female Actresses. Hell, even Gwyneth Paltrow is in better physical shape than Brie Larson. Cate Blanchett puts Brie Larson TO SHAME!!!!
the reshoots for Captain Marvel have begun yesterday... there are some new set photos with Brie Larson and Clark Gregg :)
😐 Brie Larson 😐
Brie larson i have a crush on you.
The outfit sucks and the actress is good but casting choice sucks. Should've gone with the Kamala Khan story line tbh
I know who's Brie Larson! And I know how Captain Marvel really looks in comics (actually she has shorter hair in comics but it's ok. The movie needs some character improvements), she's cute in other movies but maybe an another actress could be better instead of her. That's my opinion. Or maybe it's because of this movie's directors. Maybe she will be look better after Russo Bros. finished Avengers 4! Russo's really know how to make a great movie! I respect them.
I wasn't really a fan of Brie Larson for the role, but she's growing on me.
That was not a good trailer, at all. Also Brie still looks miscast. This is not how I imagined Carol Danvers to sound and look.
The hate this movie and Brie Larson is getting from a 2 minute trailer is hilarious. id rather have a boring trailer and get an awesome movie than an overhyped trailer with a movie that crashes and burns .
The trailer feels epic to me because it's very Marvel Entertainment esque. Baus music etc. I think the only thing that leaves something to be desired is what little I see of Brie Larson's acting here so I hope it goes well when the movie is released!
Well, it doesn't look like a Marvel movie (people expect more after Russo Bros. filmed movies for Marvel). This one really looks like a TV show! Also Marvel could get someone who's better than Brie Larson. She doesn't look like a superhero. Even Black Widow looks more superhero than Captain Marvel :)
Larson punches old lady(Skrull) in the head
Looks like a trash feminist movie. They could've at least found a better actress other than Brie Larson.. she's incredibly boring
Am i only one who thinks that casting was mistake..? I'm not sure 'Brie Larson' is the best choice for captain marvel,
I feel Brie Larsson was a bad casting choice but I’m obviously still going to check it out
That’s my only problem, Larson just doesn’t seem into it or isn’t written to be dynamic? It’s just a reserved semi brooding space cop?
I like Brie Larson as an actress but It looks like she is on ambien the entire trailer.
I just hate it. Everything about this. It makes no sense.. So captain marvel is suppose to be the strongest character in the mcu yet she has never been mentioned before even though shes been around since the 90s? Can think of several times she could have been badly needed.. Cant se how they are suppose to make this make sense and at the same time make a good film. Feels more like they're just throwing this out there for no good reason.. Im not feeling the actress and im definitly not feeling the trailer either.
i think id be more excited if this was a character we had already met early on in the mcu and had become familiar with and fond of .. then she had been absent from the films for quite a while  ..  i think then that the tease and prospect of her coming in to save the day in next avengers film would have been a lot more impactful ... but we dont know this character on film and dont yet care about her ... so this trailer just isnt doin it for me ... throw in with that the stupid comments brie larson has made recently and im really not interested in her either
Nice to see Sam and Brie back together! They were both awesome in Kong!
Most probably every male that watches this video is going to be get sued by Brie for harrasment.
Disappointed with the trailer but Brie Larson can do no wrong right?
I wasn't too thrilled when I found out Brie Larson would be playing Captain Marvel and this trailer didn't convince me otherwise. Will it be good? We shall see.
I don’t really like the actress her face just looks boring
The actress omegaLUL
Happy birthday to Brie Larson!
I'll give it 3/10 Brie Larsons 
>People judging Brie's acting/expressions throughout the film based on a trailer
Isn’t Brie an Oscar winner? Doesn’t seem like it to me in this trailer. She sounds phoned in and her voice doesn’t match the character for some reason. But hopefully the movie paints her better than the trailer.
Alright, I love marvel studios work but, this trailer absolutely sucks. Btw the actress is in a Netflix movie called “Room” rated R
I don't like Brie Larson
Brie Larsson is so cute
Unfortunately it seems that Brie Larson was not the right choice for playing this character. Do not get me wrong I really like Brie Larson, she is a terrific actress, for instance her performance in Room was great. She just does not seem to be the right actress for Captain Marvel character.
Brie “boring face” Larson? Check!
Meh as hell. Does this actress has any facial muscles at all. Same bland expression everywhere.
A hot and sexy actress adds a lot of things to the role ,,, eg. Black widow, Scarlet Witch, WonderWoman, Harley Quen. Their hotness and sexy looks added alot of things for making the role interesting and powerful... sometimes just their acting skills are not enough ,,,, especially in a SuperHero movie.
Eh looks boring as a drying piece of shit on a hot sidewalk, too bad all the rights to their best female super characters were held by other companies for such a long time. If I was in the lead and a woman id have argued over which suit id get to wear  because the War Bird costume is much more pleasing to look at and way more iconic than this dumpy multicolor potato sack of a flight suit shes wearing. Would it kill Brie Larson to show some emotion even that smile in the car and her glowing eyes at the end with all her energy felt like watching a dead fish.
I’m so excited for this movie, Brie Larson is going to be amazing in this role and I think the movie will be one of the greats. I wish people will give it a chance and not base their opinions of the movie on a trailer that is less than 2 minutes.
It looks dull and boring and Larson just doesn't seem like the superhero type IMO. If the movie is bad, no one will admit it cause then you'll be label sexist by the PC police.
I could very well be wrong, since yknow this is a teaser more than anything but with what little we get of Bries acting, it has me concerned this movie might be really boring and no nonsense and I don't think Marvel can nor should go back to that.
Is this only me or there are others who does not like Brie Larson being the CAPTAIN MARVEL! I don't feel good!
Waiting for brie larson
Omg Brie Larson 😍😍
Brie Larson is so gorgeous 🔥🔥🔥
Is Brie Larson a relative of Kristen Stewart? Same boring and emotionless expression.
Brie Larsson has no charisma, look, or personality to play a character capable of beating Thanos. This just doesn't feel right. This trailer was also disappointing to say the least.
Brie Larson was a great actress in this era. I expect this film to be a blockbuster movie 2019
This looks pretty shit. Brie Larson has done a small amount of great films, but other than that she's a pretty shit actress. Just give us an Avengers Infinity War Part 2, instead of this crap
What a bland wooden face, could not have chosen a worse actress
Great work by Brie Larson ❤❤
Brie Larson 😍😍😍🙏😍🙏🙏🙏💥😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘
i dont like her....brie lerson....
Is this bad because  larson did not give a smile?
Brie Larson is beautifyl, she won a best actress for you to know!
If I can get over the fact that the actress is completely bat s*** crazy, then I think I can enjoy this film. Marvel has a good track record with making great movies.
brie larson is such a badass actress!😍❤️
brie larson is horrible for this role why did marvel cast her why not someone like ronda rousey.
please dont let this whole movie be about her discovering her powers and then have an anticlimatic ending jesus lord..i call for more sam jackson in this movie please... welp no brie larson doesnt cut it - i thought she did but now...she just doesnt live up to the hype
Has Brie Larson got her happy man hating face on because she knows teens will be perving over her as Captain Marvel? she looks like a bag of shit in that suit and is not that good looking so relax Brie you can be happy in the knowledge 😊
I was somewhat skeptical about Brie Larson playing Captain Marvel when they first announced it. And what do you know? This trailer really drives the point home. Unlike the rest of the MCU actors, she really wasn't meant for this. I'm so sad right now. I hope Mar-Vell saves the day.
Jennifer Lawrence and Brie Larson are the two most overrated actresses. It's easier to find logic in Fast and Furious than to find the logic as to why these two actresses are overrated.
Brie Larson is a charisma black hole, a terrible actress, and an awful, bigoted person. I"ll skip this just because this miserable hag is in the movie.
I don't know why people just don't give her a chance, you guys don't even got a real glimpse on how the movie is gonna be, how she's gonna get it done? She might not be as hot as other female actress, but there's no doubt her skills are good( Oscar Award?), I know that she considered for quite some time before decided to take on this life-changing big role, imo she valued her personal, family friends life over fame. She's not really a fan of being under limelight too much. So, why such a woman like her doesn't deserve a chance to be judged fairly? I'm pretty sure she will give out every best of herself when she was acting it, I respect her and every other actor. Btw, cap marvel is gonna be successful Marvel have gave out quite a good trailer, alot of things not revealed, that's where the fun part is😂
I think im in love w brie larson, cant wait!!!!!
Well, at least I can finally cross “get a boner from Brie Larson sucker-punching an old lady in the face” off my bucket list.
tear my ass brie larson 😩😩😩😩😩😩💦💦💦💦💦💦
Gal gadot has excellent face acting...but is a ok actress..whereas brie larson is a better actress but her face acting sucks...this teaser becomes ineffective because expression were needed to sell it..hope movie is better...
SUCH an awful actress choice
She is perfect... The power of Brie!!! 💪 🌟 😍❤💪 🔥
Plot twist: Brie Larson thinks she's Belle
Haters stop hating! Carol Danvers has been kicking ass since 1968 so show the respect please. Brie is a very good actress and will make you care and want more from this character. Trust me she is Marvel's WONDER WOMAN and a damn great one at that. Danvers/Ms.Marvel/Warbird/Captain Marvel = KICK ASS!
It doesn’t look bad, but I’m not that impressed. Unless she’s playing an alien that’s emotionless, Larson’s deadpan expression is a little overdone.
I’ve been a fan of Brie Larson since United States of Tara. Can’t wait for this
When did Brie Larson become Emo?
holy shit brie larson can't act
Technically if this is placed in the 90's shouldn't she still be Carol Danvers aka Ms. Marvel. That was her name at that point in time "90's". She didnt become Captain Marvel until 2012 right? So she wouldnt be Captain Marvel in a movie set to take place in the 90's... I think thats what the green suit signifies. That she isnt Captain Marvel at that point. We only see her for a a few seconds in this video in her Captain Marvel red and blue suit. I think she doesnt gets that suit until Mar-Vel dies and she gets contacted by the Nick Fury from the future (post credits scene from Infiniti War I could set this up). I think once those two things happen and technically she has contact with the future (past 2012) then she will then become Captain Marvel. It takes both of those things to logically have her take up MarVel's mantle as Captain Marvel. Brie Larson playing Carol Danvers with MCU's production quality has the potential to be amazing. I honestly hope its done well though and not rushed. If she is to become Captain Marvel then make her earn it and pay the heroes burden. There is much more to being a hero and leader than being powerful. I hope the story is told well and we see Carol Danvers trials and tribulations that lead to her becoming Captain Marvel. I have a bad feeling that this is all happening to set up her take over of the Avengers and Capt. is gonna be killed off :( I just hope its not the case and that Captain Marvel is done right. Mostly I just hope this is all building up to Rogue taking her powers and the Xmen coming into the MCU :) Doubt it but one can hope x)
Of course feminist Brie Larson and her Mary Sue Captain Marvel arrives to save us all from Thanos.
I have seen trailer 20 times to see only brie Larson.
P.S. Is it just me or does "Brie Larson" sound like a porn star name?
Last "superhero" movie I've watched was "Doctor Strange" which I really liked...but after I gave up on this genre.. in this case however I'll make an exception. I really want to see Brie Larson in this role!
i hope she wont be the superman of the mcu being way way op and just punching thanos to death and single handedly save the day. i am really sceptical about cpt marvel to say the least. i hope she doesnt, as a character, ruin the mcu. also im not sure if i would've went with brie larsson as my first choice.
Lots of people commenting here seem to be unaware of what a TEASER trailer is or that Brie is an Oscar winning actress with serious chops. Yeah, you're entitled to your mere "opinions" but Marvel Studios have never miscast their heroes.
This trailer was so terrible. The editing for this trailer was so off and it’s even worse when you compare it to the other MCU trailers. The cgi is mediocre and the acting is bad, like really bad. Especially from the main actress herself. My hopes for this movie have been low ever since it was announced and I never thought that it could go lower.
Aaah I love Brie Larson! I can't wait for this film! I crave MCU movies like chocolate lol
I wish they had Larson bulk up for this a bit. She looks so spindly, how is she gonna beat Thanos with those noodle arms.
I will not support misandrist Brie Larson. Feminists prove once again that feminism is about women's supremacy and misandry.
Brie Larson sucks.
Love you brie Larson
No hate on Brie Larson but I think Blake lively would of been awesome for this role .
Okkkkk so don't get me wrong. I love Brie, i ADORE marvel, i luuuuv me some superhero movies and i'm all for another female in this role. However, i found this trailer really boring, so she's like superman 2.0? Idk man
Y'all better put some RESPECT on Brie Larsons acting ability and not down play her 😡😡
wow... she's usually a pretty good actress, but here she has 0 charisma and screen presence. somehow, it looks even more boring than Superman vs Batman. i never thought someone would outdo Snyder...
I wish Emily Vancamp was the actress for  Captain Marvel. But ok.
i would watch grass grow if brie larson was sitting on it
Every scene she’s in it looks like she doesn’t wanna be there horrible choice of actress
Looks fun. But Larson has the acting range of a corpse.
I love marvel... but this trailer was kind of shit. Also I have zero problem with a female lead, but I really dislike this actress.
Brie Larson is one of the most beautiful superheroes out there besides wonder woman
This movie better not be reviewed by “White Dudes”, especially in their forty’s. Am I right Brie Larson?
Yassssss that shot of Phil cousin made me happy BTW not feeling Bries voice
This looks totally bad ass. Brie Larson looks just like Captain Marvel! I have a feeling this is yet another break through flick from Marvel on par with DC's Wonder Woman.
1:15 CGI Brie Larson
It looks good but Brie Larson sounds very one note in this trailer. Knowing marvel though it probably will probably be different in the movie
Maybe this would have been good if they had replaced Brie Larsen.  She doesn't look like Captain Marvel.  She doesn't speak like Captain Marvel.  Her whole demeanor is off.  I think her social echo chamber may have given her a complex.  Marvel really screwed up this universe.  They couldn't have waited until after the next avenger film to push this type of trash, could they?
I thought the trailer looked OK, but I'm still really excited for the movie. There's still a lot of time until it comes  out. I'm curious to see how 90s they're going to make this movie be, but judging by the Blockbuster, pretty 90s. And yay! Nick Fury! Brie Larson was good in Skull Island, so I have high hopes for this movie.
I’m not really feeling the actress as Captain Marvel, I can see her as that one SHIELD agent that can deliver a few good kicks and run away when the big players come in ( Thor, thanos, scarlet witch, iron man) , but not as a potential lethal enemy for thanos😕😒
"I didn't like the trailer because Brie's voice is underwhelming " LMAO fanboys are never satisfied.... 
Why hire an actress with zero gravitas for this role? I'm not sold on this character in the first place, but this casting seems really off if she is supposed to be one of the most powerful heroes in the MCU.
The best part about this movie is the leading actress is an oscar winner
Doesn't show much, I'm guessing most of the CG isn't finished yet. I wish they'd let Brie Larson talk more. The directing looks a bit bland as well, it's not going to be a Gunn or Waititi caliber of a film.
They had to have picked the absolute worst dialogue out for Brie Larson in this. She’s won on Oscar for crying out loud she has talent! Use it!
Why is the actress so damn plain? And I'm not talking about her looks
She is a horrible actress and an awful I mean flat out awful casting.
Brie Larson you are my hero!! I'm very proud and happy, you represent strong women.
Brie Larson is going to ruin this movie
Kapitan Larson is the only real winner of every 'You laugh, you lose' challenge ever made.
Somehow brie voice not match with superheroes characters. It's too cute... Just saying
there couldn't have been a better choice for this character than brie, she makes captain marvel look so much more powerful
I'm still loving this trailer. The music rockssss. I think Shazam and Captain Marvel are of wholly different genres, hence the difference in the seriousness. I'm hyped for both of them, tho Cap Marvel is a must see before Avengers 4  so I'm really excited for this. Brie Larson's gonna kill it:DDD
Not a fan of Larson and her endless cardboard expressions, but the film looks like it will be another Marvel tentpole. These bastards are printing money at Disney
I've said it before but the main issue with the trailer is Marvel's character never really comes across. Brie Larson is a fine actress but judging by the scenes and the limited dialogue for the trailer, you'd be forgiven for thinking she phoned her performance in. The next trailer needs to give us more of her in the role showing some genuine character. The trailer looks like it's for the Nick Fury origin movie because Jackson gets more chance to shine in it than the main character does.
Not a bad trailer, but I’m pretty underwhelmed by the actress in this, especially considering she’s an Oscar winner. She sounds as wooden as a post
Another movie with a strong female character. Love brie larson!
brie isn’t beauty enough :(
This is the coolest thing to ever happen. Ariana we now have proof god is a woman.... Brie Larson
Larson's acting seems wooden and forced, and honestly this looks like I'll spend my hard earned dollars elsewhere
y’all she’s playing a brainwashed alien what do u expect her to do? Brie Larson has an Oscar your faves would never so stfu your opinion is irrelevant
I'll always say Brie Larson can't act - she's just gorgeous. Captain Marvel should have been Yvonne Strahovski - great actress, badass, and beautiful!
Just don't suck. The casting of Brie already had me worried, but hopefully the movie is overall good and isn't the MCU's first commercial failure of a movie. And making her the most powerful hero thus far in the MCU also concerning as she isn't near to being the most powerful in the comics. As long as this isn't some feminist/over powered female character trope, we'll be fine.
I Love the trailer, I think Brie is a wonderful choice!Can't wait for this to come out!
Her expression is the same in every shot of her on this trailer that has told us absolutely nothing.. but she won best actress for it so we must assume it's an awesome movie! Right..?😕
Obviously Brie Larson and Samuel L. Jackson are great actors.
Just asking...is captain marvel basically expression less or is it the actress ???🤔
Well, it was okayish, though Brie Larson looked pretty bored.
If in the next trailer we aren't shown cap moving a planet, I will consider brie's statement a lie
Can we recommend better actresses to play the role of Captain Marvel?
So we just gonna ignore the fact why Brie's voice always a high pitch like a cute baby girl?
Also, WHY THE SHIT ARE THEY BRINGING BACK RONAN? What about the characters people actually want to see again, like Quicksilver? And the 90s time period sucks too, that's THE most boring decade you could set your movie. And for an Oscar winner, the brief snippets of acting we've heard do not impress me at all.
I cant believe Eminem got passed up for Bahd Bahbie and.........and this. The most generic Marvel movie ever, with a lead actress that doesn't even act. Yes, I know it's a trailer, but the first 2 Thor movies had more personality in their trailers than this does.
Just a teaser, folks...don’t start getting freaked out the movie sucks or Brie was miscast.
Brie Larson?
Ahh, Carl Manvers, sociopath from the stars. Dolph Lundgren- I mean, Brie Larson, was a perfect casting choice.
Wow, with her suit was 100% perfect. It was feel like She come back to life from comic book to the big screen in the MCU, Thanks to Original creators and producers Kevin Feige as well as awesome performance by Brie Larson.
Brie Larson is wife
Don't know why an Oscar Winning actress is doing a Superhero Movie.
Brie Larson throughout the trailer 😑😑😑😑🙂😐😑😑😑😑😑😑
y'all who say the casting isn't good or that brie can't act: 1) she has an oscar so she's already acting a ton better than y'alls faves, 2) how did you expect her to act when she's just walking? what kinda emotional expression should she have??? especially when it seems like she's lost her memories?? it's only the first trailer and you guys are judging based on that. you only care about pitting her against wonder woman or any other mcu film. the least you could do was keep your judgment on hold for when the actual movie comes out because judging based on a two minute trailer that's meant to not reveal much and only give us the first look of the character is extremely pathetic. get a job.
This is a bunch of shots of Brie Larson making the same facial expression for 2 minutes hahaha...not hyped at all :/
Brie Larson looks really badass as Captain Marvel.This movie is gonna be f*cking amazing.The Marvel Cinematic Universe just keeps getting better and better.
am i the only one that thinks Brie Larson looks way sharper in the green costume?
Ugh. Everything about Brie Larsen is so dull.
You know Brie is not convincing enough when more people are excited to see Coulsen than her.
Fun! waiting, waiting,waiting. Brie Larson, My love😘😘😘😘
actress looks constipated
You had me at Brie
The actress seems to have the same bored expression on her face in all the scenes.
Brie Larson কে খুবই সুন্দর লাগছে
Calling it October 4, 2018. Brie Larson and/or director is going to blame white males and racism if this flops.
I love Bree larson
I'm just waiting for everyone to come here and apologise after the movie release. Brie is great (not the cheese)
I'm sorry but I didn't like the trailer, it was so bad, and Brie voice sounded like a Barbie, it was horrible!
The many facial expressions of Brie Larson. This looks like hot garbage.
A+ for the visual of Brie Larson clocking an elderly woman in the face.
wow. epic! Bree Larson is hot!
I agree that this trailer might be a little generic but I trust Marvel, I trust Kevin Feige and I trust Brie Larson. And I can't wait to see them open up the cosmic door a little more
Think they really picked the wrong actress.
Sad Ronda Rousey did not get the role. Kevin Fiege wanted her and everybody did in 2015 look it up. I would have no problem if ronda beat or atleast hurt thanos lol but if brie does im not going to be able to take it serious at all.
Trailer was pretty cool. This is actually the first time I heard Brie Larson's voice and was kinda like, "Gwaheh?" Her voice seems pretty soft but then again I have never seen her interviews or any of her other work and they didn't show scenes outside of small talk/reminiscing. Overall, pretty excited to see this film.
Here for captain marvel not Brie Larson.
Well, to be honest I've watched nothing but Scott Pilgrim with Brie Larson. Now I want to look her filmography and watch something else.
"I don't want to hear what a white man has to say..."-Brie Larson
Calling it now this will be the worst mcu movie. How can you spend this much money on a movie and have it look this bland is it because brie is an unemotional bland af person as well and her blandness infected everyone involved in this? Literally has the same face in everything she's been in including this trailer. This will bomb but, will still some how make a profit. This is really making not excited to see infinity war 2.
hugh Brie Larson doesn't know how to punch. Also, why you gotta kick a dead horse in the guts? Poor Blockbuster.
I’m curious, but boy does Brie Larson seem to be acting kinda wooden, I’m not entirely sold on whether she was a good choice for the role.
Wish they had gone with an older actress
My grandpa died today and this trailer was the best thing that happened to me today. I can’t believe that this is getting so much hate. It’s the first trailer, it’s supposed to have something missing. Also, Brie is an amazing actress and Marvel makes amazing movies (there are, of course, some exceptions-but those were years ago.) You can’t judge a book by its cover. Also: the most upsetting hate is the one on how feminist this movie is going to be. IT HAS A FRICKING FEMALE LEAD!!!! People are saying it’s going to be bad and will be praised by the media ONLY because there’s a female lead. This is a huge step for women. Wonder Woman was, so why can’t Captain Marvel be? It’s a shame that people are voicing their opinions on this with negativity and hate towards this and everyone involved with it.
Some people are complaining about how lifeless she sounds and even I noticed many of her expressions in the trailer are emotionless but I have a feeling it's intentionally like that. It's not that Brie Larson can't act (she can!) but her character is intentionally emotionless in these shots. She even says in the trailer that she can't remember but she has flashes of what she thinks are memories of her real life. So without memories, of course she's going to be blank faced, especially when she's been raised to be a Kree soldier. Her memories seem to be a key theme in this movie because throughout the trailer we get flashes of who she was, growing up on Earth.
Rumour has it Brie Larson will smile at least once in the movie.
Am i only one who think the casting was mistake..? I'm not sure 'Brie Larson' is the best actress for captain marvel.
That's why I love you Brie ❤
Brie Larson waiting for ur powers to defeat Thanos😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘
I don't get why people hate Brie Larson as Captain Marvel. To me, she looks to be on her way to perfect. Well, no one can really tell before the movie is out.
Very bad trailer... let's hope... and she's not a good actress... is this DC?
Why does Brie Larsen look like she's dead inside? Is she playing an emotionless cyborg? Robot? Machine?
Brie Larson voice is cute 😊
Brie Larson cant act.
The actress is a little bit boring for me!
This cap. Marvel actress is a worst choice of marvel universe.
Gal Gadot wasn't a very good actress,  at all.  She was mediocre,  at best during her previous performance in BvS. Her acting rept before that wasn't much either. Don't get me wrong, i love her, and i liked wonder woman. But she isn't a very versatile actress. Gorgeous, no doubt.  Despite that,  i barely saw any guys commenting on the fact that she looks stiff or that her acting is boring.  
Believe it or not, young heterosexual, masculine boys can look up to, and want to be like awesome powerful female heroes too.  Brie Larson's Captain Marvel looks like it's going to be on that level.
BOOORING....Even the actress seems bored 😐 out of her mind  playing Captain Marvel.
børing... Why this actress? She is not even hot... No ass...
Brie Larson is Marvelous
But this trailer totally changed my mind. I love it! And I love Brie in it. Anyone saying she didn't sound energetic enough/was no emotion, you see in real life too, there are people who don't always sound like they are high all the time. Let one or two fictional characters be like that please. You have got sooo many of those main stream characters already, so why complain ? Let the quiet and reserved ones shine once in a while.
Everyone complaining about Brie Larson's lack of emotions in this trailer should go and watch the trailer for short term 12.
2. Brie Larson is too nice
Brie Larson is just a big yawn for me.  She's like the girl in school that you didn't really notice. Cute and all, but not hot, or overly sharp or witty or funny or... anything really. Just blah. I am huge MCU fan, but this one doesn't look exciting. I'll see it for Nick Fury and Coulson, and the setup for Avengers 4.
Pretty good trailer not one of my favorites but it did it's job and got be even more hype for the film! Brie Larson is gonna killed the role!!
Brie Larson Our daughter is more like housewife
I just don’t know if Brie Larson has the personality to carry a movie like this. 
tired of hearing yall shit on brie’s acting and facial expressions. she has a whole oscar. how many yall got ?
I have nothing against Brie Larson I’m just saying the trailer was very bland and seemed almost unfinished
Oof. Not liking Brie Larson's line delivery there.
I don't really agree with the people criticising Brie's acting already but some of their comments are hilarious ngl
A brief synopsis of the movie.
Brie Larson is Queen!
The Aquaman trailer basically had special effects. Where was Mamoa's performance? He gets emotional? Why did not anyone complain about his acting? Funny the hysteria that grew in relation to Larson's performance. I could swear that boys really are bothered with a woman with prominent role in MCU.
For those who think Brie Larson is boring, she was taught to act with just eye movements. If she doesn't speak much in the film, don't be surprised.
Brie Larson has great range.....I spotted maybe two different expressions.
Brie Larson is like the best actor for this film and she suits the captain marvel personality and suit. I really can’t wait for this movie 🎥 Marvel keeps throwing the best teasers and trailers even after half the universe disappeared
tbh the choice of the actress (and yes I'm aware of her oscar) didn't impress me at first but after this trailer I'm super hyped!
Everyone complaining about Brie Larson’s expressions in the trailer, go check out the first trailer for Captain America: The First Avenger. Chris Evans had 2 expressions other than the same pokerface-y expression, same as Brie. And then remember how much the world loved Chris Evans after that movie. Y’all need to understand how a  character works and have some patience till the movie comes out.
this looks ... awful. the actress has 0 charisma, the costume seems 2 sizes bigger than her. this looks very very bad
brie larsons a whole snacc
"Brie has an Oscar, that means her acting CAN'T be terrible!!!"
Carol Danvers is in her 30s in the comic so I think  brie suits this role vry well.
Brie Larson is just too dull.
Brie Larsen looks like Alicia Silverstone's Batgirl.
Brie Larson is the new waifu.
Looks fine but every single line by Brie Larson sounded horrible.
She is so hot... Brie Larson.
Why is brie larson making her voice sound like a teenage girls in this film???
Looks “meh”. Lead actress has no charisma.
Hmm I didn't get much personality out of Brie Larson in this trailer. Hopefully she isn't just a bland expressionless Terminator type.
look to the cartoon, the voice actress has the intimidation factor. 
Liked everything except Brie
Still undecided about Brie playing this part.  She seems more like a dramatic actress and she looks bland in this preview but I'm sure she'll be fine. I have faith in the MCU.
Man hating hypocritical feminist Brie Larson will benefit from a franchise built mainly by male characters.
I dunno, I can't really see her as a badass soldier type. And her voice is pretty girly too....no hate to Brie, she's a good actress but I just can't see her as Captain Marvel.
This should've been CHARLIZE. Brie is a good, but she doesn't have the gravitas this character needs to have; her voice doesn't enough sound tough. Charlize Theron would've been PERFECT!
Brie the Queen!!!
I may be wrong but, I don't think the actress playing Captain America was the right pick... She just seems "awkward" in her role, for lack of a better word. Orrrr, maybe that's intentional as a confused alien... Oooorrrrr, this trailer didn't do justice to her acting ability. Ykw, it doesn't really matter... I'm gonna watch this movie regardless.
stunning brie larson😍
Ok... we can now in all honesty say that Brie Larson has been replaced with a robot. Who is stuck on a one expression modus.
She looks like a porn actress. 
Ugh. I could’ve done without Brie Larson, I’m to point where I’m so tired of Hollywood recycling their actors for superhero movies. If we haven’t been introduced to a character yet, it wouldn’t kill them to use a new actor and have them be the embodiment of that specific superhero.  Or someone completely amazing that everyone would love to have in the marvel universe, not a middle ground actress.
I will not stand for Brie Larson slander, she is such a great actor 👏🏽
if you feel that brie is pretty emotionless you have to remember that in the comics captain marvel is an alcoholic so just keep it in mind
Brie Larson is more of like that next door girl type of a person. She would fit the heroine/love interest role the best. For this role I think Charlize Therone or Emily Blunt might suit better.
Only watching because its part of MCU and for Brie. Besides that looks like crap, no hype whatsoever
I’m not enthusiastic about the actress but I hope I am wrong
This movie and actress seem very bland. I think the only way it could have been worse is if they had cast Anna Kendrick.
I think brie larson punching the grandma was the best part KKKKKKK
Larson is so hawwtt!!
Brie has like 3 facial expressions:
Terrible choice for main character, there are so many more talented and way better looking actresses out there, wow another flop...
I actually think this trailer looks pretty damn good. It just seems different from most other marvel movies so far. Seems like it almost has a Tomorrowland kind of vibe to it which is interesting. I'm a little bit worried about the actress's acting capabilities though. She seems rather unenthusiastic but I mean this is only the first trailer so who knows. But I am intrigued so far.
Brie Larson is a Feminazi.
1:36 that hairstyle sold me the movie, my only complain is that the actress would have made a thicker voice for the role
Larson just doesn’t do it for me
brie larson has done it again folks
Tha old lady asked for Brie's phone number
Cgi is trash, brie Larson looks uncomfortable, movie looks like a cheapass cw movie.
Marvel handpicked the WORST actress to play this role! Brie Larson has the emotional range of a celery
Brie Larson: I'm not what you think I am......
So, I don't know Captain Marvel at all really but the actress is playing her role with like zero charisma, is she like that in the comics?
Ill watch this for Gemma Chan and Jude Law...Brie Larson looks bored
well...if I were to comment on anything, i would have loved to see Emily blunt as Captain marvel and Brie Larson in Mary Poppins instead of this other way around
Aggressively Mediocre bree larson beat jimmy stewart with her only one face in acting !
So is Brie Larson just going to have the same "Herr Durr, ami in da rite movee?" expression throughout the whole film...
She is a horrible actress. She has that Ryan Reynolds thing going on where she always looks bored and delivers every line with a monotone voice.
After seeing Brie Larson appear in the trailer: Hello again, friend of a friend...
Brie's so cool... 😄😄😄😄
Love it, brie laaaaaaaarrrrrsoooooooonnnn
i fall in love with brie larson now !!!
Brie seems soulless. I’m not feeling her presence.
Larson, Alison and Cheese, are the only Bries I need in my life <3
Brie Larsson punches old women confirmed.
Brie Larson’s second attempt to break the internet
It’s not even Brie’s fault. The trailer itself was awful. Really bad edit. Way too much shit that showed nothing in particular. A load of random clips. That’s not how you make a trailer. This is barely a Teaser Trailer. Very unimpressed. And I thought they knew how to make trailers. Doctor Strange was badass. Infinity War was just insane (not a good comparison though). Well, not even Marvel can win them all I guess.
Larson SUCKS. HORRIBLE casting. Nothing even remotely heroic about her look or demeanor, and her "acting" is as exciting as watching a block of wood.
Captain Marvel is Jude law not the Brie Larson...
They have this epic music playing while Brie Larson has this single monotone expression in every clip. 
If that’s the only scene where Brie Larson punches an old lady I’m not even going to bother watching the movie
Everyone in the comments complaining about Larson’s facial expressions. Remember, Captain Marvel is kinda an alien.
im really not feeling the actress, i don't know, its not how i imagine captain marvel looking and sounding, im not trying to hate on the movie its just that, she doesn't fit in well with the movie, i guess time will tell, who knows maybe it will be the best marvel movie yet, but something tells me its gonna bad :/
Brie Larson and her resting 'Bitch Face' strikes again...
I absolutely love Brie Larson,so now for those in need of a laugh,go see new awesome perfect timed Joker Joaquin Phoenix! Hahaha
Yeah, but I'm a white man and Brie Larson doesn't care what I think so why should I go see her movie?
looks meh and Brie Larson is as bland as usual
D.C. is on life support. I heard they are about to pull the plug R.I.P DC😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂. Go Marvel...And to the people hating on Bre Larson calm down she will be a good Captain Marvel.
brie larson’s voice is super cringe. sounds like a 14 year old.
Looks absolutely fantastic! Cannot wait! Brie looks gorgeous, btw.
I can’t take her seriously lol she has no edge to me as an actress. It’s like watching a teen play dress up. If that woman from house of cards and the Wonder Woman movie was a little younger she’d be perfect
Yasssss Brie!!!
dude...In the me - too Brie fits right in...I like Brie but I don't feel Carol Danvers from Brie..Ms. Marvel always to me anyways had a sense of vulnerability..? I don't feel that with Brie...You can be 💪 yet be vulnerable in the me too era..That is what guys like me like..Not some hard edged woman looking to take out guys who have done them wrong...
Brie is absolutely stunning. Can't wait for this!
brie larson aka captain marvel went dark phoenix in the end of the video xd
She looks too similar to the Supergirl actress. Bad casting.
Wow! The comment section is filled with male chauvinists who cannot see a woman kick names and take ass! I am voting for Brie!
My face expression when watching this trailer is the exact same as Brie Larson's
Brie larson, me beija.
Best part is Brie Larson punching an old lady!
Brie Larson doesn't go with the character, she's too nice. And one who would confront Thanos should look ruthless, she's way soft for the character. (no offense to her).
Brie Larson is achieving Eric Bana's "The Incredible Hulk " levels of wood face , here. Apparently her range is from "mildly bored " to "blank stare ". Look at a REAL actress, Jennifer Garner, in "Peppermint". She's alone , most of her screen time, so she needs to convey what her character is going through , using just her expression, and she does it, flawlessly. Joy, Love, Surprise, Confusion, Anger, Despair, Hatred, you name it. I'm done with crappy professionals using the gender card to cover up being crap at their  job.
Brie Larson... hummm I’m not feelin it.... 🤷🏻‍♀️
Brie Larson looks like she's always smelling shit.
Brieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee3eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Is this the same actress who said that she doesn't care about the opinion of white dudes concerning this movie?
The trailer doesn't reveal much but it looks promising! I trust Marvel, I trust Captain Marvel and I trust Brie Larson. This movie will be amazing! And that's how a trailer should work, just a tease for what's coming. If they show everything what's the point in watching the full movie? Seriously, I'm hyped and happy! Ahoy, Captain!
This looks awful !  And Brie isn't showing any emotions? What is she Bella Swan?
Smile more, Brie ..
Brie Larson : * *Bam!!* *
Underwhelming, cold acting just like Tomb Raider actress. Is that new trend in Hollywood or something? Hiring young boring actresses?
Get ready for some feminist crap mixed with "all males are sexists and women rule" poop. That was a horrible casting decision to go with Brie Larsen. She has no love for marvel or for the character, just an ignorant empty headed actress looking for money.
Been waiting for this. But to be honest, it didn't satisfy me as a fan. I really hope movie is a much better one so that Brie doesn't loose her reputation.
Jesus Christ, is this going to be another Bella from Twilight performance? Brie Larson has absolutely zero emotion. A piece of wood could show more emotion and give a better performance.
The worst acting I've ever seen ever. Bri Larson is straight trash. She looks like a block of wood.
The very same Brie Larson who publicly hates on white men. Return the favour fellow white men - and don't go watch it. Money is the only language they understand.
that old lady brie hit must be thanos disguised with help of his infinity stones
Brie Larson: One facial expression of bland indifference with the personality of telephone operator recording. Exciting stuff.
Amazing!!!  Brie Larson looks perfect
When i saw brie larson, immediately the soundtrack from scott pilgrim black sheep playing in ma mind..... Hello again, friend of a friend....
Larson is a great choice. She just needs to work on her body, build up her physique and Marvel needs to give her a better suit that's all.....but it's all poignant before 
this looks awful like it belongs on the CW also can Brie show any emotion at all she definitely doesnt looks like she wants to be in this shit movie.
wow. still mildly excited for the movie, but until i saw this trailer i had no idea what brie larson's voice sounded like, and it is sooo much weaker than i'd been expecting.
Brie Larson is such a trash actress no talent at all, big thumbs down on this one
Great trailer but i still dont buy into brie larson as a superhero. Im just not buying it.
I don't like the trailer but I'm literally in love with how cool Brie Larson looks as CM so I'll hope for the best.
Not gonna lie from what I see in this trailer it looks like Brie Larson is phoning this one in. Her expression doesn't change at all through out the whole trailer.
I can't take that actress serious...
Brie looks awesome!!
Nevertheless special effects looks grear, Brie as CM  looks great and vulnerable in the trailer and may be fans can not take this(as for them now she is most powerful avenger so how come she is shown like that, plus she is a woman)
Looks boring.  Assembly line movie making with boring actress.  Does her expression ever change?  Will her face crack if she smiles?  Does her super powers stop if she flirts with a guy?
Love drom india for brie larson
Well, it's a Marvel film. They've gathered enough good will that this film will make bank. Ignoring Brie's sexist and racist comments, this just looks dull to me. I mean, it's just a trailer and all, but that's the point: a trailer is meant to build interest. I am not interested in this at all. Damn shame.
I dont know anything about this actress.. but for some reason she seems really unsympathetic to me allready.
I don't think brie look bored I think it's just the character brie did win a Oscar for best actress and right now she has a big role to fill with the MCU . So let's give her a chance and remember she plays a big part in the Avengers 4 in beating Thanos.
I miss the feminine version of Ms. Marvel. She was legitimately likeable. Brie Larson's "Captain Marvel" looks like a bitchy soccer mom with a stick up her ass and a chip on her shoulder.
is it just me or that the actress just feels out of place, she looks a bit weak..
Very very very bad. Â very poor film. Frustration. Brie larson 🖓🖓🖓.
The actress looks more like a librarian than a super hero.
You guys dont understand, brie was choose for the role after her act in ROOM. Marvel has choose the right actress for captain marvel. In the trailer told that carol danvers lost her memories, sho dont know where to start and where to do, she doesn’t know whats going on, so much preasure. Marvel wants the audience become a part of her journey to find her identity. She did it well in ROOM, she can bring the audience along the movie, the emotions that brie shows are beyond natural. Please open your mind before judging.
I’m not feeling Larson. I’ve watched this trailer a half of a dozen times and she just.. she doesn’t say Captain Marvel to me. She is to Captain Marvel, what Ed Norton was to Bruce Banner. I wish Blake Lively would’ve got it honestly.
Am I the only one who feels Brie Larson's acting isn't looking all that great in the trailer? She is usually very good. Might just be me.
If I have a criticism it's that Brie Larson is scowling or has an almost blank, annoyed expression on her face in every scene. Maybe that's by design but I do hope that her premium acting skills shine through in this movie as there's almost every chance Larson, along with Boseman and Holland, will become the new leads and faces of the MCU.
All the characters I’m excited about aren’t played by Bree Larson.
I cannot stand Brie Larson's flat face.
Wow. I was told not to expect much. But this is really looking to be the next Thor 1. I hope the actress got some charisma on tape for the full film.
I don't think Brie Larson wanted to be in this movie...
Just hope Larson can carry the mantle of Captain Marvel and play her right. She is afterall the Marvel version of DC's Supergirl with an attitude that... many Marvel fans don't really like... 
Looks great, it feels waaaaaay less cliche than Wonder Woman, Brie Larson has been a celeb crush of mine for a long time, and I’m finally happy to see her in this bad ass form, wait...
This is the future of the MCU? ... Too much slo-mo cam, and I already know that Brie Larson is in ass debt.  Next.
Eh, this looks like it’s just gonna be another mediocre marvel movie. The main actress can’t even act
It's just a teaser, it's just to give us a very brief look of the movie, it shows her in a confused state. This is not supposed to give away anything about the movie.
Brie: I am not what you think i am
Brie Larson 😙😙
Im not saying this movie is gonna suck but im not feeling brie larson as captain marvel at all. Hopefully I'll change my mind after I watch it.
It's Brie Larson that's why it looks dull. 🙄
love brie but she only has 1 expression
She has reached 1 million likes! In your faces haters! Good job girl!! Brie Larson FOREVA!
i dont know who is the acsting director. there are a lot of ather actresses who would fit better in this role...
Brie Larson has the most adorable voice ever.
Idk if brie Larson is going to be good in this, I hope she is going to be a good captain marvel
honestly was excited for this movie and maybe itll still b good, but this trailer was pretty disappointing. I feel like different music couldve been used that was less repetitive, felt like it was building to nothing not to mention the actress just sounded plain bad with the lines that were shown
Captain Marvel is proving very stale and boring in the comic universe right now, not to mention politically charge. I don’t think Marvel did good chosing this actress who is stale, boring and yes, pilitically charged. I used to like CM, in the good old days and when a CM movie was announced a while back I was actually hopeful Marvel studios would fix this character to her glory days. Unfortunately, it doesn’t look like this will be the case. In fact this looks like it will mark the beginning of the end of the MCU that we grew up with and came to love.
Wish it was Margot Robbie instead of Brie Larson.
Maybe it is too early to judge but Brie Larson does not have the swag to be a SuperHero.
Is it possible to be bored playing a comic book hero? Surely there is an actress with more personality who could've played her.
Terrible actress and an even worse costume Holy shit 😭
I feel like the rest of the cast will carry this film, much like Rogue One. Carol Danvers and Jyn Erso appear very stoic, but almost wooden. I hope Larson's performance more robust in the film.
actress seams like cardboard - WTF.    I do not have high hopes for this movie -
Jennifer lawrence would be way better but i love brie...
It's too bad that Marvel already used Emily VanCamp for the pointless role of Sharon Carter.  Brie Larson looks like a homelier version of her who is deeply bored and dead inside.  I bet VanCamp could do a better job as Carol Danvers--she did more with her pointless role than I've seen Larson doing with her starring role so far.
It looks like it’ll be good, but I just think they should have gone with some one other than Brie. She just seems so emotionless. Like she always has that same expression on her or face or something. Nice nod to Blockbuster though 👍
I love Brie Larson.
Still excited af, bc, Brie Larson, duh?!
Is Brie Larson able to express emotions or is she made out of wax? What is the plot? Only noteworthy moment is her crashing into a blockbuster store and punching an old lady on the subway. Guess that's what we get from hollywood these days, not very exciting.
Too bad the lead actress sucks. She has one facial expression, she constantly looks bored (except that really bad smirk) and her voice work is awful.
Oh my word! I'm so exci... they picked the worst actress for this role ever.
ANOTHER MARVEL WINNER Brie is badass and Can't wait to see Coulson and Fury
That's it? Looks pretty average.  Aquaman trailer was much better than this.  Brie Larson is so damn beautiful, much sexier than Aquaman.
Brie Larson's superhero name should be Captain Resting Bitch Face. She cannot act, I'm sorry.
I've seen literally two minutes of the film so I'm going to assume Brie Larson doesn't change her expression throughout the whole thing
Im just not buying it from Bri Larson😕
even the actress who play captain marvel have the look that she super bored of this movie before even come out...boring
Felt disappointed by a Marvel trailer for the first time in a long while. Honestly the moment Brie Larson was chosen to play this role I had the feeling it would be a bad choice. I mean Marvel has done such a wonderful job with their Cast. This one feels like a let down. Seriously they could've had so many better alternatives.
I’m more hyped for aquaman and Shazam both those trailers were fun and we saw the actors looked like they gave a shit but here the trailer felt like 2:30 minutes and not 1:57 minutes Brie Larson was also really bad in this trailer, I say it’ll be as good as iron man and Thor 2 both decent movies that are really boring
I want to be cheerful, but I can't, because according to Brie Larson herself, she only took this role because she saw it as an opportunity to empower young women
This looks pretty darned great.  Looks like we're going to be getting a wee bit of her origin and Brie looks absolutely perfect as Carol Danvers/Captain Marvel.  Gonna be an awesome 2019.
Ok, I know Brie Larson has zero screen presence, but was it necessary to make her look like she's hungover, 43 years old and kind of ugly when she's not? Besides Carol is supposed to be a pretty and feminine woman who can kick ass... well the real version of the character, not the feminazi supreme who's been paraded in comic books these last few years.
Come on a whirlwind adventure with an actress who'd rather be clipping her toenails than starring in this film. It's.... Captain One Face.
Lacking of charisma, brie act stiff all through this trailer, and her voice lacks power of a superhero,..i mean she supposed to be this highly anticipated super being in the Marvel universe and then act and sound like a dead fish in her debut super hero trailer?😑
captain marvel ll crossover to wonderwoman...sorry gal gadot but brie iz looking more kick ass n sharper than u n all credit goes to marvel
I was honestly so hyped for this but this trailer looks so boring and Brie Larson looks so emotionless. I'm actually more invested in Coulson and Fury. I really hope the movie is more than meets the eye but I  also hoped that for Antman and The Wasp but that was just average. I guess I was just riding off the Infinity War hype train thinking Marvel could do no wrong. Anyways if it sucks atleast I can support DC since there newer films look good enough to relaunch their universe.
When even the main actress is not impressed with herself, you can't except much from this movie...
My only real worry for this film is not Brie Larson, not the VFX, not the score, not any of that. It’s the direction. The directors of this film are a pair of directors who really have not done much. What they did do though was a film called Mississippi Grind which also started Ben Mendehlson. In my opinion, it was kind of bad. So I’m just very worried how they are going to handle this huge project which has A LOT riding on it. It is kind of self expectation that is on it but it’s expectation nonetheless. But let’s be honest with ourselves, this movie is going to come with controversy once it releases. That’s just how it is nowadays. But don’t listen to me, I’m just some kid commenting on a trailer for a film I haven’t see yet.
Brie Larsson has a lot higher voice than I thought boring trailer though
Bland trailer, bland actress.
Wow. I've been saying it for years that this girl can't act. Why didn't Marvel go for a Rebecca Ferguson? Noomi Rapace? Dormer? I seriously thought Brie Larson would up her game and non-existent acting skills for this role but no. Emotionless as always. Just being herself and getting paid. Kudos to her for the hustle but sucks for anyone who actually wanted someone that can act.
I like Brie.... she's cute and it's also yummy cheese. But she's miscast for this part. I think her boring line delivery is supposed to be her being tough, but she's just not pulling it off. She doesn't have that 'tough chick' vibe. Rhonda Rousey, yes. Brie Larson, no. Jude Law showed more emotion in his one second of screen time than Brie did in all of the trailer.
So pumped for this movie!! Brie Larson is such a great actor and I know she's gonna be a fantastic Carol Danvers/Captain Marvel.
Okay. First off this trailer looks bad. Second Brie Larsen is not the best Carol Danvers they could've cast. Third... They overlooked FOUR previous heroes to hold the title of Captain Marvel including a black woman and a lesbian woman while even having the brass plated balls to make Mar-vell a supporting character to his own legacy. 
Brie Larson has zero screen presence, zero acting ability and just one facial expression.
Brie Larson has dead reaction
*The CGI team must have had an easy time with creating a cgi-computer-model for Brie Larzen for the special effects, because they only had to make 1 model of the face, where it totally lacks any expression, instead of mutliple ones with different expressions*
Does Brie have more than one expression?
I love Brie Larson but something just seems off here. Or maybe I’m just not used to seeing Marvel create an individual movie for FEMALE SUPERHEROS
I just don’t think Brie Larson is the right choice for this. Her acting, voice, and dialogue are so cringeworthy, emotionless and boring. I think I will be skipping my first Marvel movie and head on over to DC to watch Shazam and WW2 instead.
Yessssssss💓💓💓💓💓it's wonderful just Loved it ,love Brie Larson 💓💓😘😘
Wanna know something amazing Brie? 
The look on Brie Larson's face throughout this trailer descrbes my feelings towards this movie. *meh!*
I hope this doesn’t suck. I find her a very bland actress and I was not happy when she was selected for the role. I hope she proves me wrong
I fear Brie Larson is horribly mis-cast.
Man i still like brie larson as Carol. She looks eithert annoyed or bored most of the time. Man a hard pass
Actress is very ugly
The EW article describes Brie Larson's character as a 1990s United States "Air-Force-pilot-turned-intergalactic-hero," and who is part Kree (alien) and part human (according to a subsequent online EW article, her super powers derive from the Kree part of her DNA).    The arch enemy of the Krees are the Skrulls ("the notorious Marvel baddies made all the more dangerous by their shape-shifting abilities").  Hence, it's a safe bet that the "old lady" that Captain Marvel hits is not human, but actually a shape-shifting Skrull (at 1:29 in the trailer, we get a brief glimpse of some of the pointy-eared Skrulls in their true form).  The Krees and the Skrulls are at war and that war ends up being brought to earth.  The EW article says of the movie, "...when it begins, Carol already has her powers.  She's left her earthly life behind to join an elite Kree military team called Starforce..."  "But before long, Carol finds herself back on earth with new questions about her past."  
a different actress would've been way better 
Seriously, Brie Larson has a pancake ass.
Alright, it had blockbuster and samuel l. Jackson, so like. But she seems like a bad actress for marvel movie standards, so idk guys. Oh yeah, and feminist pandering, thats a negative too
I LOVE marvel but something about the actress’s performance is putting me off. I was digging the Samuel L Jackson voiceover. Then she started talking and I wasn’t thrilled, maybe she sounds too young or maybe it’s the fact that she has the same gloomy expression the whole trailer but I don’t like what she’s doing. Hopefully we’ll get better scenes in the next trailer and she can do more in the way of acting.
Holy shit. Brie Larson looks so good in this role. ❤️
Brie Larson looks like she doesn't even wanna be there. She's a great actress but this trailer makes her look bad.
I doubt of brie.
Brie Larson nailed the look of this character
People are getting scared of her getting a power boost even though I doubt we'll see Brie Larson as Captain Marvel until half way during the movie, considering the OG Captain Marvel is also in this movie.
hit like for brie larson😍😍
This better not suck. Already have bad vibes from their captain marvel actress choice.
Looks good, but the actress seems like a one note. Like her voice never changed throughout the entire trailer. Add some inflection,  it makes you sound human.
No one thinks captian marvel should have a movie, this looks like a preview for a cancelled tv series. Have fun with the terrible lead actress leading to the flop of your movie
I hope Brie does a good job...Her acting based on what I saw in the trailer seems very mundane
I love the concept of a strong female superhero, since the avengers are mostly males. BUT, I don’t like the idea of Captain Marvel. She is too strong and I’m afraid she will overshadow many of the already existing Avengers. I’m skeptical. And Brie Larson is bland as hell. No charisma.
Could they have chosen a worse actress? She can't act to save her life and looks extremely bored 24/7
Brie Larson can't act. At all. Everyone knows this.
I'm in love with Brie even more now. Wow I can't get enough of this teaser. She is stunning.
Brie Larson is Fugly
This actress sounds like she wants to end her life.
IDK y'all, this is not what I was expecting. No shade to Brie Lawson, but she's not serving me Captain Marvel. Just...basic? I'm still going to see it, but yeah...
I won't support the actress. Why Marvel hired an actress that has been intentionally divisive in America right now is ridiculous and the decision will not be rewarded by me.
My mom knows the bre larsons mom because they were good friends back then Im so happy for her😀😀
This looks kinda bad. And isn't Captain Marvel supposed to be male? Why the change? And Brie Larson? Why? She's not a good actress
Calling it now: when this movie comes out, there'll be a swarm of people whining about how Captain Marvel is a horrible person, or a Mary Sue, or something like that. They'll also probably go after Brie Larson's acting. Doesn't matter how good the movie is; this is *going* to happen.
I'm intrigued. However, i'm not completely sold on larsons performance.
I don't know if she was the right actress to choose but I'll let me surprise.
Gotta say, I agree with a lot of the commenters here, this doesn't look bad but there's nothing in this trailer that gets me excited.  doesn't help that every line Brie Larson read came off like a dead fish
Anyone complaining about Brie Larson expressions should watch the MCu trailers and see Scarlett Johanson and Chris Evans acting too. But I do agree that this trailer sucks.
This looks generic as hell. Brie larson has the personality of a toilet seat
i love briee so much,. but this is just waste 1:57 mins of my life.
Brie larson looks so awkward as Carol Danvers, I don’t know why?
Seriously wasn’t there any better actress for this role
Can't wait to see this fail, if Larson's comments and Marvel's direction and plans for future of MCU are correct as believed.
They got the Wrong Actress, it should have been Abbie Cornish.
I mean it’s hard to get on aboard  because of what writers are doing doing to her I actually like the actress in skull island but I just hope they do her right because this has been in the making for marvels second female super hero movie so they really have to hit this one out of the park
Brie Larson is very monotone
63 thousand people don't want to believe Captain Larson punched an evil alien disguised as an old lady.
I think I screamed louder when I saw Coulson than when I saw Brie xD
I hate this actress she is not pretty
There isn’t a tougher lookin actress? Lame
She could win an Oscars for best facial expression by an actress.
This looks like a B rated film. Brie Larson has one facial expression. Probably will wait for reviews
I never cared for the actresses but this gets me pumped for the next Avengers movie! Because im sure Thanos is going to beat the shit out of her before they mcguffin him away.
Brie Larson of all people. Smdh she is disgusting
Ruby Rose would b perfect Captain marvel 😎 why did they choose Larson 😑😑😑
*the actress is not talented , she has not actoral capacity. i saw her in the movie king kong and was awful*
If anyone thinks Brie can't act they need to watch "Room." Chill everyone; she's got this.
I like Brie Larson but it seems a little off seeing her as Captain Marvel. Hope the movie proves me wrong
Everyone’s criticising Brie’s acting from ONE trailer and obviously jump to conclusions, ignoring the fact that carol is half Kree and is brainwashed, OF COURSE she isn’t going to show emotion
I'm surprised the like/dislike ratio is so positive. This looked boring as hell and I didn't buy the acting of that actress even a little. Hopefully it's just the trailer and the movie will be better.
This is biggest superhero movies awesomes mother f**cker that's brie larson as the captain marvel next step kill thanos for the avengers 4 next year
Wouldn't it be ironic if Anna Paquin was as Captain Marvel instead of Brie Larson?
Moreover, literally pull up the doctor strange trailer, iron man 3 trailer, even the ant-man trailer and ben c, rdj, and paul rudd are pulling similar serious and stoic faces throughout the 2 minutes of trailer footage. Saying Brie Larson is emotionless based on a 2 minute trailer that doesn't even feature just her in every single cut is totally ridiculous. This isn't a comedy film. It may have elements of comedy in it like tons of the mcu films do but this isn't guardians of the galaxy or thor: ragnarok. This is a different tone, different hero, different character. Photoshopping smiles onto her face is sexist and shite tbh She's a superhero. She shouldn't be smiling through every moment of the film. Was Robert Downey Jr supposed to be smiling throughout the iron man 3 trailer? No. Because that would totally upset the tone and just be stupid. Let a woman be serious ffs
Why her marvel ? When there are many suitable actresses, why her ?
Man bree is such a lovely actress, I don't think I could ever be critical of her performances,  she has matured greatly in recent roles.
Wow! The Brie Larson robot looks amazing. A few more tweaks and it will produce a reasonable simulation of moderate human emotions.
Brie Larson found a fossil at the beginning.
Is she a professional actress?
I'll watch it just to see brie Larson clock that old lady
Brie parson suits the role perfectly 👌👌👌!!!!
Wow. This trailer is Loud and sounds like everyother trailer. Brie Larson though? I'm in. (And seriously: "Insert: punch old woman in the face"?)
Ugly feminist Brie Larson
This trailer looked badass till I heard her voice. Should've sounded more of a mature and veteran sounding voice. Considering the fact it's not supposed to be an origin movie so obviously she's seen some shit. But honestly who are we kidding, Brie Larson is talented af and marvel will always take my money.
Watch this movie underperform for MCU standards and Larson going on twitter to call people "sexist" and "afraid of powerful women".
Its not so bad. Brie looks fine.
I will not expend a buck in this crappy movie but I need keep continuity on MCU so, waiting the premiere then searching the torrent. Brie Larson?, come on, Alicia Vicsucker was not available  -.-
I wish it weren't the case, but everything about this trailer is awesome...with the exception of Brie Larson. She just comes across so stiff and dead-eyed. I hope she has more personality in the movie!
looks like a good movie but honestly "captain marvel,s" (cant remember the actress) acting looks a bit flawed. not trying to start an argument just wanting to see if anyone agrees?
Trust Marvel with this. It took months to convince Brie Larson to play her. They didn’t waste months of their time on just any actor/actress.
Look, don't get me wrong, I¡m really excited about the movie. But... this trailer? C'mon, it's lame af. I have nothing against Brie, but she looks super boring to me, tbh. It's great to see Fury and Colson as young agents, and that is the only thing that I found interesting about this trailer. I really hope that the movie is going to be better than this trailer.
Coming in 2019...BWAAAAAAMMMM...when the world is threatened by a threat from another world...BWAAAAMMMM...one woman will have the strength...BWAAAAAMMMM...to not move a single muscle in her face...BWAAAAMMM...Brie Larson is...BWAAAAAMMM...Captain Meh-face!
Bree Larson sponge Bob square face
I get confused between Brie Larson & Zara Larsson..
This trailer is awesome.. Brie Larson looks fabulous.. I'm eagerly waiting for this flick 😚😍😘
Don't like the choice of actress.
